---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_cloud_aws_route53_task_group Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "CLOUD"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing AWS Route 53 Task Groups.
---

# nios_cloud_aws_route53_task_group (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing AWS Route 53 Task Groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific awsrte53taskgroup by filters
data "nios_cloud_awsrte53taskgroup" "get_awsrte53taskgroup_by_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "test-taskgroup"
  }
}

// Retrieve all awsrte53taskgroups
data "nios_cloud_awsrte53taskgroup" "all" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `grid_member` (String) Member on which the tasks in this task group will be run.
- `name` (String) The name of this AWS Route53 sync task group.

Optional:

- `aws_account_ids_file_token` (String) The AWS account IDs file's token.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the task group; maximum 256 characters.
- `consolidate_zones` (Boolean) Indicates if all zones need to be saved into a single view.
- `consolidated_view` (String) The name of the DNS view for consolidating zones.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the task group is enabled or disabled.
- `multiple_accounts_sync_policy` (String) Discover all child accounts or Upload child account ids to discover..
- `network_view` (String) The name of the tenant's network view.
- `network_view_mapping_policy` (String) The network view mapping policy.
- `role_arn` (String) Role ARN for syncing child accounts; maximum 128 characters.
- `sync_child_accounts` (Boolean) Synchronizing child accounts is enabled or disabled.
- `task_list` (Attributes List) List of AWS Route53 tasks in this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--task_list))

Read-Only:

- `account_id` (String) The AWS Account ID associated with this task group.
- `accounts_list` (String) The AWS Account IDs list associated with this task group.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `sync_status` (String) Indicate the overall sync status of this task group.

<a id="nestedatt--result--task_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.task_list`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of this task.

Optional:

- `aws_user` (String) Reference to associated AWS user whose credentials are to be used for this task.
- `credentials_type` (String) Credentials type used for connecting to the cloud management platform.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the task is enabled or disabled.
- `filter` (String) Filter for this task.
- `schedule_interval` (Number) Periodic interval for this task.
- `schedule_units` (String) Units for the schedule interval.
- `sync_private_zones` (Boolean) Indicates whether private zones are synchronized.
- `sync_public_zones` (Boolean) Indicates whether public zones are synchronized.

Read-Only:

- `last_run` (Number) The timestamp when the task was started last.
- `state` (String) Indicate the sync status of this task.
- `state_msg` (String) State message for the task.
- `status_timestamp` (Number) The timestamp when the last state was logged.
- `zone_count` (Number) The number of zones synchronized by this task.
