---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_cloud_aws_user Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "CLOUD"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing AWS Users.
---

# nios_cloud_aws_user (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing AWS Users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific AWS User by filters
data "nios_cloud_aws_user" "awsuser_name" {
  filters = {
    name = "aws-user"
  }
}

// Retrieve all AWS Users
data "nios_cloud_aws_user" "awsuser_all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String) The unique Access Key ID of this AWS user. Maximum 255 characters.
- `account_id` (String) The AWS Account ID of this AWS user. Maximum 64 characters.
- `name` (String) The AWS user name. Maximum 64 characters.
- `secret_access_key` (String) The Secret Access Key for the Access Key ID of this user. Maximum 255 characters.

Optional:

- `govcloud_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if gov cloud is enabled or disabled.
- `nios_user_name` (String) The NIOS user name mapped to this AWS user. Maximum 64 characters.

Read-Only:

- `last_used` (Number) The timestamp when this AWS user credentials was last used.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `status` (String) Indicate the validity status of this AWS user.
