---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_filtermac Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP MAC Address Filters.
---

# nios_dhcp_filtermac (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP MAC Address Filters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP Filter MAC by filters
data "nios_dhcp_filtermac" "get_filtermac_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "mac_filter_example"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific DHCP MAC Filters using extensible attributes
data "nios_dhcp_filtermac" "get_filtermac_using_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a DHCP MAC Filter object.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment of a DHCP MAC Filter object.
- `default_mac_address_expiration` (Number) The default MAC expiration time of the DHCP MAC Address Filter object. By default, the MAC address filter never expires; otherwise, it is the absolute interval when the MAC address filter expires. The maximum value can extend up to 4294967295 secs. The minimum value is 60 secs (1 min).
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the DHCP Fingerprint object is disabled or not.
- `enforce_expiration_times` (Boolean) The flag to enforce MAC address expiration of the DHCP MAC Address Filter object.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `lease_time` (Number) The length of time the DHCP server leases an IP address to a client. The lease time applies to hosts that meet the filter criteria.
- `never_expires` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP MAC Filter never expires or automatically expires.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--options))
- `reserved_for_infoblox` (String) This is reserved for writing comments related to the particular MAC address filter. The length of comment cannot exceed 1024 bytes.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
