---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_macfilteraddress Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP MAC Filter Addresses.
---

# nios_dhcp_macfilteraddress (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP MAC Filter Addresses.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP MAC Filter Address by filters
data "nios_dhcp_macfilteraddress" "get_mac_filter_address_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    filter = "mac_filter_example"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific DHCP MAC Filter Addresses using extensible attributes
data "nios_dhcp_macfilteraddress" "get_mac_filter_address_using_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DHCP MAC Filter Addresses
data "nios_dhcp_macfilteraddress" "get_all_mac_filter_addresses" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `filter` (String) Name of the MAC filter to which this address belongs.
- `mac` (String) MAC Address.

Optional:

- `authentication_time` (Number) The absolute UNIX time (in seconds) since the address was last authenticated.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the MAC filter address; maximum 256 characters.
- `expiration_time` (Number) The absolute UNIX time (in seconds) until the address expires.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `guest_custom_field1` (String) Guest custom field 1.
- `guest_custom_field2` (String) Guest custom field 2.
- `guest_custom_field3` (String) Guest custom field 3.
- `guest_custom_field4` (String) Guest custom field 4.
- `guest_email` (String) Guest e-mail.
- `guest_first_name` (String) Guest first name.
- `guest_last_name` (String) Guest last name.
- `guest_middle_name` (String) Guest middle name.
- `guest_phone` (String) Guest phone number.
- `never_expires` (Boolean) Determines if MAC address expiration is enabled or disabled.
- `reserved_for_infoblox` (String) Reserved for future use.
- `username` (String) Username for authenticated DHCP purposes.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `fingerprint` (String) DHCP fingerprint for the address.
- `is_registered_user` (Boolean) Determines if the user has been authenticated or not.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
