---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_fingerprint Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP Fingerprints.
---

# nios_dhcp_fingerprint (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP Fingerprints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP Fingerprint by filters
data "nios_dhcp_fingerprint" "get_dhcp_fingerprint_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    device_class = "Windows OS"
    name         = "example_fingerprint_1"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific DHCP Fingerprints using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dhcp_fingerprint" "get_dhcp_fingerprints_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DHCP Fingerprints
data "nios_dhcp_fingerprint" "get_all_dhcp_fingerprints" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `device_class` (String) A class of DHCP Fingerprint object; maximum 256 characters.
- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP Fingerprint object.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the Fingerprint; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the DHCP Fingerprint object is disabled or not.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `ipv6_option_sequence` (List of String) A list (comma separated list) of IPv6 option number sequences of the device or operating system.
- `option_sequence` (List of String) A list (comma separated list) of IPv4 option number sequences of the device or operating system.
- `type` (String) The type of the DHCP Fingerprint object.
- `vendor_id` (List of String) A list of vendor IDs of the device or operating system.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
