---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_filterrelayagent Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Filter Relay Agents.
---

# nios_dhcp_filterrelayagent (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Filter Relay Agents.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP Filter Relay Agent by filters
data "nios_dhcp_filterrelayagent" "get_filterrelayagent_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "filter_relay_agent_example"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific DHCP Filter Relay Agents using extensible attributes
data "nios_dhcp_filterrelayagent" "get_filterrelayagent_using_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DHCP Filter Relay Agents
data "nios_dhcp_filterrelayagent" "get_all_filterrelayagents" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a DHCP relay agent filter object.

Optional:

- `circuit_id_name` (String) The circuit_id_name of a DHCP relay agent filter object. This filter identifies the circuit between the remote host and the relay agent. For example, the identifier can be the ingress interface number of the circuit access unit, perhaps concatenated with the unit ID number and slot number. Also, the circuit ID can be an ATM virtual circuit ID or cable data virtual circuit ID.
- `circuit_id_substring_length` (Number) The circuit ID substring length.
- `circuit_id_substring_offset` (Number) The circuit ID substring offset.
- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment of a DHCP relay agent filter object.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `is_circuit_id` (String) The circuit ID matching rule of a DHCP relay agent filter object. The circuit_id value takes effect only if the value is "MATCHES_VALUE".
- `is_circuit_id_substring` (Boolean) Determines if the substring of circuit ID, instead of the full circuit ID, is matched.
- `is_remote_id` (String) The remote ID matching rule of a DHCP relay agent filter object. The remote_id value takes effect only if the value is Matches_Value.
- `is_remote_id_substring` (Boolean) Determines if the substring of remote ID, instead of the full remote ID, is matched.
- `remote_id_name` (String) The remote ID name attribute of a relay agent filter object. This filter identifies the remote host. The remote ID name can represent many different things such as the caller ID telephone number for a dial-up connection, a user name for logging in to the ISP, a modem ID, etc. When the remote ID name is defined on the relay agent, the DHCP server will have a trusted relationship to identify the remote host. The remote ID name is considered as a trusted identifier.
- `remote_id_substring_length` (Number) The remote ID substring length.
- `remote_id_substring_offset` (Number) The remote ID substring offset.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
