---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_fixedaddresstemplate Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP Fixed Address Templates.
---

# nios_dhcp_fixedaddresstemplate (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP Fixed Address Templates.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Fixed Address Template by filters
data "nios_dhcp_fixedaddresstemplate" "get_fixed_address_template_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_fixed_address_template_1"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific Fixed Address Templates using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dhcp_fixedaddresstemplate" "get_fixed_address_template_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Fixed Address Templates
data "nios_dhcp_fixedaddresstemplate" "get_all_fixed_address_templates" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a fixed address template object.

Optional:

- `bootfile` (String) The boot file name for the fixed address. You can configure the DHCP server to support clients that use the boot file name option in their DHCPREQUEST messages.
- `bootserver` (String) The boot server address for the fixed address. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the boot server that the host needs to boot. The boot server IPv4 Address or name in FQDN format.
- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment of a fixed address template object.
- `ddns_domainname` (String) The dynamic DNS domain name the appliance uses specifically for DDNS updates for this fixed address.
- `ddns_hostname` (String) The DDNS host name for this fixed address.
- `deny_bootp` (Boolean) Determines if BOOTP settings are disabled and BOOTP requests will be denied.
- `enable_ddns` (Boolean) Determines if the DHCP server sends DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid, and to external DNS servers.
- `enable_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Set this to True if you want the DHCP server to use a different lease time for PXE clients.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) If this field is set to False, the appliance returns all DHCP options the client is eligible to receive, rather than only the list of options the client has requested.
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on this fixed address. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the dhcpd configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--logic_filter_rules))
- `nextserver` (String) The name in FQDN and/or IPv4 Address format of the next server that the host needs to boot.
- `number_of_addresses` (Number) The number of addresses for this fixed address.
- `offset` (Number) The start address offset for this fixed address.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--options))
- `pxe_lease_time` (Number) The PXE lease time value for a DHCP Fixed Address object. Some hosts use PXE (Preboot Execution Environment) to boot remotely from a server. To better manage your IP resources, set a different lease time for PXE boot requests. You can configure the DHCP server to allocate an IP address with a shorter lease time to hosts that send PXE boot requests, so IP addresses are not leased longer than necessary. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `use_bootfile` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootfile
- `use_bootserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootserver
- `use_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_domainname
- `use_deny_bootp` (Boolean) Use flag for: deny_bootp
- `use_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ddns
- `use_ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) Use flag for: ignore_dhcp_option_list_request
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_nextserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: nextserver
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: pxe_lease_time

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--result--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
