---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_failover Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP Failovers.
---

# nios_dhcp_failover (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP Failovers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP failover using filters
data "nios_dhcp_failover" "dhcpfailover_by_name" {
  filters = {
    name = "dhcp_failover_1"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DHCP failovers using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dhcp_failover" "dhcpfailover_by_extattrs" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all the DHCP failovers
data "nios_dhcp_failover" "all_dhcpfailovers" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a DHCP failover object.
- `primary` (String) The primary server of a DHCP failover object.
- `primary_server_type` (String) The type of the primary server of DHCP Failover association object.
- `secondary` (String) The secondary server of a DHCP failover object.
- `secondary_server_type` (String) The type of the secondary server of DHCP Failover association object.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment of a DHCP MAC Filter object.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `failover_port` (Number) Determines the TCP port on which the server should listen for connections from its failover peer. Valid values are between 1 and 63999.
- `load_balance_split` (Number) A load balancing split value of a DHCP failover object. Specify the value of the maximum load balancing delay in a 8-bit integer format (range from 0 to 256).
- `max_client_lead_time` (Number) The maximum client lead time value of a DHCP failover object. Specify the value of the maximum client lead time in a 32-bit integer format (range from 0 to 4294967295) that represents the duration in seconds. Valid values are between 1 and 4294967295.
- `max_load_balance_delay` (Number) The maximum load balancing delay value of a DHCP failover object. Specify the value of the maximum load balancing delay in a 32-bit integer format (range from 0 to 4294967295) that represents the duration in seconds. Valid values are between 1 and 4294967295.
- `max_response_delay` (Number) The maximum response delay value of a DHCP failover object. Specify the value of the maximum response delay in a 32-bit integer format (range from 0 to 4294967295) that represents the duration in seconds. Valid values are between 1 and 4294967295.
- `max_unacked_updates` (Number) The maximum number of unacked updates value of a DHCP failover object. Specify the value of the maximum number of unacked updates in a 32-bit integer format (range from 0 to 4294967295) that represents the number of messages. Valid values are between 1 and 4294967295.
- `ms_enable_authentication` (Boolean) Determines if the authentication for the failover association is enabled or not.
- `ms_enable_switchover_interval` (Boolean) Determines if the switchover interval is enabled or not.
- `ms_failover_mode` (String) The mode for the failover association.
- `ms_hotstandby_partner_role` (String) The partner role in the case of HotStandby.
- `ms_shared_secret` (String, Sensitive) The failover association authentication. This is a write-only attribute.
- `ms_switchover_interval` (Number) The time (in seconds) that DHCPv4 server will wait before transitioning the server from the COMMUNICATION-INT state to PARTNER-DOWN state.
- `recycle_leases` (Boolean) Determines if the leases are kept in recycle bin until one week after expiration or not.
- `use_failover_port` (Boolean) Use flag for: failover_port
- `use_ms_switchover_interval` (Boolean) Use flag for: ms_switchover_interval
- `use_recycle_leases` (Boolean) Use flag for: recycle_leases

Read-Only:

- `association_type` (String) The value indicating whether the failover association is Microsoft or Grid based. This is a read-only attribute.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ms_association_mode` (String) The value that indicates whether the failover association is read-write or read-only. This is a read-only attribute.
- `ms_failover_partner` (String) Failover partner defined in the association with the Microsoft Server.
- `ms_is_conflict` (Boolean) Determines if the matching Microsoft failover association (if any) is in synchronization (False) or not (True). If there is no matching failover association the returned values is False. This is a read-only attribute.
- `ms_previous_state` (String) The previous failover association state. This is a read-only attribute.
- `ms_server` (String) The primary Microsoft Server.
- `ms_state` (String) The failover association state. This is a read-only attribute.
- `primary_state` (String) The primary server status of a DHCP failover object.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `secondary_state` (String) The secondary server status of a DHCP failover object.
