---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_ipv6sharednetwork Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing IPv6 Shared Networks.
---

# nios_dhcp_ipv6sharednetwork (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing IPv6 Shared Networks.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP IPv6 Shared Network by filters
data "nios_dhcp_ipv6sharednetwork" "get_dhcp_ipv6sharednetwork_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "shared_network_1"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DHCP IPv6 Shared Networks using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dhcp_ipv6sharednetwork" "get_dhcp_ipv6sharednetworks_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DHCP IPv6 Shared Networks
data "nios_dhcp_ipv6sharednetwork" "get_all_dhcp_ipv6sharednetworks" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the IPv6 Shared Network.
- `networks` (List of String) A list of IPv6 networks belonging to the shared network Each individual list item must be specified as an object containing a 'ref' parameter to a network reference, for example:: [{ "ref": "ipv6network/ZG5zdHdvcmskMTAuAvMTYvMA", }] if the reference of the wanted network is not known, it is possible to specify search parameters for the network instead in the following way:: [{ "ref": { 'network': 'aabb::/64', } }] note that in this case the search must match exactly one network for the assignment to be successful.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the IPv6 shared network, maximum 256 characters.
- `ddns_domainname` (String) The dynamic DNS domain name the appliance uses specifically for DDNS updates for this network.
- `ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) If this field is set to True, the DHCP server generates a hostname and updates DNS with it when the DHCP client request does not contain a hostname.
- `ddns_server_always_updates` (Boolean) This field controls whether only the DHCP server is allowed to update DNS, regardless of the DHCP clients requests. Note that changes for this field take effect only if ddns_use_option81 is True.
- `ddns_ttl` (Number) The DNS update Time to Live (TTL) value of an IPv6 shared network object. The TTL is a 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `ddns_use_option81` (Boolean) The support for DHCP Option 81 at the IPv6 shared network level.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether an IPv6 shared network is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the IPv6 shared network is enabled.
- `domain_name` (String) Use this method to set or retrieve the domain_name value of a DHCP IPv6 Shared Network object.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) Use this method to set or retrieve the dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP IPv6 Shared Network object. The DHCP server can send DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid and to external DNS servers. This setting overrides the member level settings.
- `enable_ddns` (Boolean) The dynamic DNS updates flag of an IPv6 shared network object. If set to True, the DHCP server sends DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid, and to external DNS servers.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on the this IPv6 shared network. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the DHCPv6 configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--logic_filter_rules))
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which this IPv6 shared network resides.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--options))
- `preferred_lifetime` (Number) Use this method to set or retrieve the preferred lifetime value of a DHCP IPv6 Shared Network object.
- `update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) This field controls whether the DHCP server updates DNS when a DHCP lease is renewed.
- `use_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_domainname
- `use_ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_generate_hostname
- `use_ddns_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_ttl
- `use_ddns_use_option81` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_use_option81
- `use_domain_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name
- `use_domain_name_servers` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name_servers
- `use_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ddns
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_preferred_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: preferred_lifetime
- `use_update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) Use flag for: update_dns_on_lease_renewal
- `use_valid_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: valid_lifetime
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) Use this method to set or retrieve the valid lifetime value of a DHCP IPv6 Shared Network object.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--result--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
