---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_filternac Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP NAC Filters.
---

# nios_dhcp_filternac (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP NAC Filters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP Filter NAC by filters
data "nios_dhcp_filternac" "get_filternac_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "nac_filter_example"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific DHCP NAC Filters using extensible attributes
data "nios_dhcp_filternac" "get_filternac_using_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
// Retrieve all DHCP Filter NACs
data "nios_dhcp_filternac" "get_all_filternacs" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a DHCP NAC Filter object.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment of a DHCP NAC Filter object.
- `expression` (String) The conditional expression of a DHCP NAC Filter object.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `lease_time` (Number) The length of time the DHCP server leases an IP address to a client. The lease time applies to hosts that meet the filter criteria.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--options))

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
