---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_ipv6filteroption Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP IPv6 Option Filters.
---

# nios_dhcp_ipv6filteroption (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP IPv6 Option Filters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP IPv6 Filter Option by filters
data "nios_dhcp_ipv6filteroption" "get_dhcp_ipv6filteroptions_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_ipv6_filter_option_1"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DHCP IPv6 Option Filters using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dhcp_ipv6filteroption" "get_dhcp_ipv6filteroption_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DHCP IPv6 Option Filters
data "nios_dhcp_ipv6filteroption" "get_all_dhcp_ipv6filteroptions" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a DHCP IPv6 option filter object.

Optional:

- `apply_as_class` (Boolean) Determines if apply as class is enabled or not. If this flag is set to "true" the filter is treated as global DHCP class, e.g it is written to DHCPv6 configuration file even if it is not present in any DHCP range.
- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment of a DHCP IPv6 filter option object.
- `expression` (String) The conditional expression of a DHCP IPv6 filter option object.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `lease_time` (Number) Determines the lease time of a DHCP IPv6 filter option object.
- `option_list` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--option_list))
- `option_space` (String) The option space of a DHCP IPv6 filter option object.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--option_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.option_list`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
