---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_ipv6fixedaddresstemplate Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP IPv6 Fixed Address Templates
---

# nios_dhcp_ipv6fixedaddresstemplate (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP IPv6 Fixed Address Templates

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific IPv6 Fixed Address Template by filters
data "nios_dhcp_ipv6fixedaddresstemplate" "get_ipv6_fixed_address_template_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_ipv6_fixed_address_template"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific IPv6 Fixed Address Templates using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dhcp_ipv6fixedaddresstemplate" "get_ipv6_fixed_address_template_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all IPv6 Fixed Address Templates
data "nios_dhcp_ipv6fixedaddresstemplate" "get_all_ipv6_fixed_address_templates" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of an IPv6 fixed address template object.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment of an IPv6 fixed address template object.
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name of the IPv6 fixed address template object.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) The IPv6 addresses of DNS recursive name servers to which the DHCP client can send name resolution requests. The DHCP server includes this information in the DNS Recursive Name Server option in Advertise, Rebind, Information-Request, and Reply messages.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied to this IPv6 fixed address. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the DHCPv6 configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--logic_filter_rules))
- `number_of_addresses` (Number) The number of IPv6 addresses for this fixed address.
- `offset` (Number) The start address offset for this IPv6 fixed address.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--options))
- `preferred_lifetime` (Number) The preferred lifetime value for this DHCP IPv6 fixed address template object.
- `use_domain_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name
- `use_domain_name_servers` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name_servers
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_preferred_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: preferred_lifetime
- `use_valid_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: valid_lifetime
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) The valid lifetime value for this DHCP IPv6 fixed address template object.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--result--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
