---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_filteroption Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Manages a DHCP Filteroption Data Source.
---

# nios_dhcp_filteroption (Data Source)

Manages a DHCP Filteroption Data Source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP Filteroption by filters
data "nios_dhcp_filteroption" "get_filteroption_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "filteroption_example"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific DHCP Filteroption using extensible attributes
data "nios_dhcp_filteroption" "get_filteroption_using_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
// Retrieve all DHCP Filteroptions
data "nios_dhcp_filteroption" "get_all_filteroptions" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a DHCP option filter object.

Optional:

- `apply_as_class` (Boolean) Determines if apply as class is enabled or not. If this flag is set to "true" the filter is treated as global DHCP class, e.g it is written to dhcpd config file even if it is not present in any DHCP range.
- `bootfile` (String) A name of boot file of a DHCP filter option object.
- `bootserver` (String) Determines the boot server of a DHCP filter option object. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the boot server that host needs to boot.
- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment of a DHCP filter option object.
- `expression` (String) The conditional expression of a DHCP filter option object.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `lease_time` (Number) Determines the lease time of a DHCP filter option object.
- `next_server` (String) Determines the next server of a DHCP filter option object. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the next server that the host needs to boot.
- `option_list` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--option_list))
- `option_space` (String) The option space of a DHCP filter option object.
- `pxe_lease_time` (Number) Determines the PXE (Preboot Execution Environment) lease time of a DHCP filter option object. To specify the duration of time it takes a host to connect to a boot server, such as a TFTP server, and download the file it needs to boot.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--option_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.option_list`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
