---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_filterfingerprint Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DHCP Fingerprint Filters.
---

# nios_dhcp_filterfingerprint (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DHCP Fingerprint Filters.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DHCP Fingerprint Filter by filters
data "nios_dhcp_filterfingerprint" "get_dhcp_filterfingerprint_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_filterfingerprint_1"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific DHCP Fingerprint Filters using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dhcp_filterfingerprint" "get_dhcp_filterfingerprins_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DHCP Fingerprint Filters
data "nios_dhcp_filterfingerprint" "get_all_dhcp_filterfingerprints" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `fingerprint` (List of String) The list of DHCP Fingerprint objects.
- `name` (String) The name of a DHCP Fingerprint Filter object.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
