---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_naptr Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  
---

# nios_dns_record_naptr (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific NAPTR record by filters
data "nios_dns_record_naptr" "get_record_with_filter" {
  filters = {
    name = "naptr_record.example.com"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific NAPTR records using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_record_naptr" "get_record_with_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all NAPTR records in the default view
data "nios_dns_record_naptr" "get_all_records_in_default_view" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the NAPTR record in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `order` (Number) The order parameter of the NAPTR records. This parameter specifies the order in which the NAPTR rules are applied when multiple rules are present. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `preference` (Number) The preference of the NAPTR record. The preference field determines the order NAPTR records are processed when multiple records with the same order parameter are present. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `replacement` (String) The replacement field of the NAPTR record object. For nonterminal NAPTR records, this field specifies the next domain name to look up. This value can be in unicode format.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `creator` (String) The record creator. Note that changing creator from or to 'SYSTEM' value is not allowed.
- `ddns_principal` (String) The GSS-TSIG principal that owns this record.
- `ddns_protected` (Boolean) Determines if the DDNS updates for this record are allowed or not.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `flags` (String) The flags used to control the interpretation of the fields for an NAPTR record object. Supported values for the flags field are "U", "S", "P" and "A".
- `forbid_reclamation` (Boolean) Determines if the reclamation is allowed for the record or not.
- `regexp` (String) The regular expression-based rewriting rule of the NAPTR record. This should be a POSIX compliant regular expression, including the substitution rule and flags. Refer to RFC 2915 for the field syntax details.
- `services` (String) The services field of the NAPTR record object; maximum 128 characters. The services field contains protocol and service identifiers, such as "http+E2U" or "SIPS+D2T".
- `ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value for the NAPTR record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

Read-Only:

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info))
- `creation_time` (Number) The time of the record creation in Epoch seconds format.
- `dns_name` (String) The name of the NAPTR record in punycode format.
- `dns_replacement` (String) The replacement field of the NAPTR record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `reclaimable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is reclaimable or not.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info`

Optional:

- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member))

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
