---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_sharedrecordgroup Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Shared Record Groups.
---

# nios_dns_sharedrecordgroup (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Shared Record Groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Shared Record Group by filters
data "nios_dns_sharedrecordgroup" "get_sharedrecordgroup_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-shared-record-group"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific Shared Record Groups using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_sharedrecordgroup" "get_sharedrecordgroups_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Shared Record Groups
data "nios_dns_sharedrecordgroup" "get_all_sharedrecordgroup" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of this shared record group.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment of this shared record group.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `record_name_policy` (String) The record name policy of this shared record group.
- `use_record_name_policy` (Boolean) Use flag for: record_name_policy
- `zone_associations` (Attributes List) The list of zones associated with this shared record group. Starting from NIOS-9.0.6, this field has been updated to a structure that includes FQDN and DNS view details. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--zone_associations))

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--zone_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.zone_associations`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN of the authoritative forward zone.

Optional:

- `view` (String) The view to which the zone belongs. If a view is not specified, the default view is used.
