---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_view Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DNS Views
---

# nios_dns_view (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DNS Views

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DNS view by filters
data "nios_dns_view" "get_view_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_custom_view"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DNS view using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_view" "get_view_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DNS views
data "nios_dns_view" "get_all_views" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the DNS view.

Optional:

- `blacklist_action` (String) The action to perform when a domain name matches the pattern defined in a rule that is specified by the blacklist_ruleset method. Valid values are "REDIRECT" or "REFUSE". The default value is "REFUSE".
- `blacklist_log_query` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether blacklist redirection queries are logged. Specify "true" to enable logging, or "false" to disable it. The default value is "false".
- `blacklist_redirect_addresses` (List of String) The array of IP addresses the appliance includes in the response it sends in place of a blacklisted IP address.
- `blacklist_redirect_ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value of the synthetic DNS responses resulted from blacklist redirection. The TTL value is a 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the TTL in seconds.
- `blacklist_rulesets` (List of String) The name of the Ruleset object assigned at the Grid level for blacklist redirection.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the DNS view; maximum 64 characters.
- `custom_root_name_servers` (Attributes List) The list of customized root name servers. You can either select and use Internet root name servers or specify custom root name servers by providing a host name and IP address to which the Infoblox appliance can send queries. Include the specified parameter to set the attribute value. Omit the parameter to retrieve the attribute value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--custom_root_name_servers))
- `ddns_force_creation_timestamp_update` (Boolean) Defines whether creation timestamp of RR should be updated ' when DDNS update happens even if there is no change to ' the RR.
- `ddns_principal_group` (String) The DDNS Principal cluster group name.
- `ddns_principal_tracking` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether the DDNS principal track is enabled or disabled.
- `ddns_restrict_patterns` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether an option to restrict DDNS update request based on FQDN patterns is enabled or disabled.
- `ddns_restrict_patterns_list` (List of String) The unordered list of restriction patterns for an option of to restrict DDNS updates based on FQDN patterns.
- `ddns_restrict_protected` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether an option to restrict DDNS update request to protected resource records is enabled or disabled.
- `ddns_restrict_secure` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether DDNS update request for principal other than target resource record's principal is restricted.
- `ddns_restrict_static` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether an option to restrict DDNS update request to resource records which are marked as 'STATIC' is enabled or disabled.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the DNS view is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the DNS view is enabled.
- `dns64_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if the DNS64 s enabled or not.
- `dns64_groups` (List of String) The list of DNS64 synthesis groups associated with this DNS view.
- `dnssec_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if the DNS security extension is enabled or not.
- `dnssec_expired_signatures_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if the DNS security extension accepts expired signatures or not.
- `dnssec_negative_trust_anchors` (List of String) A list of zones for which the server does not perform DNSSEC validation.
- `dnssec_trusted_keys` (Attributes List) The list of trusted keys for the DNS security extension. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dnssec_trusted_keys))
- `dnssec_validation_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if the DNS security validation is enabled or not.
- `edns_udp_size` (Number) Advertises the EDNS0 buffer size to the upstream server. The value should be between 512 and 4096 bytes. The recommended value is between 512 and 1220 bytes.
- `enable_blacklist` (Boolean) Determines if the blacklist in a DNS view is enabled or not.
- `enable_fixed_rrset_order_fqdns` (Boolean) Determines if the fixed RRset order FQDN is enabled or not.
- `enable_match_recursive_only` (Boolean) Determines if the 'match-recursive-only' option in a DNS view is enabled or not.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `filter_aaaa` (String) The type of AAAA filtering for this DNS view object.
- `filter_aaaa_list` (Attributes List) Applies AAAA filtering to a named ACL, or to a list of IPv4/IPv6 addresses and networks from which queries are received. This field does not allow TSIG keys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--filter_aaaa_list))
- `fixed_rrset_order_fqdns` (Attributes List) The fixed RRset order FQDN. If this field does not contain an empty value, the appliance will automatically set the enable_fixed_rrset_order_fqdns field to 'true', unless the same request sets the enable field to 'false'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--fixed_rrset_order_fqdns))
- `forward_only` (Boolean) Determines if this DNS view sends queries to forwarders only or not. When the value is True, queries are sent to forwarders only, and not to other internal or Internet root servers.
- `forwarders` (List of String) The list of forwarders for the DNS view. A forwarder is a name server to which other name servers first send their off-site queries. The forwarder builds up a cache of information, avoiding the need for other name servers to send queries off-site.
- `last_queried_acl` (Attributes List) Determines last queried ACL for the specified IPv4 or IPv6 addresses and networks in scavenging settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--last_queried_acl))
- `match_clients` (Attributes List) A list of forwarders for the match clients. This list specifies a named ACL, or a list of IPv4/IPv6 addresses, networks, TSIG keys of clients that are allowed or denied access to the DNS view. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--match_clients))
- `match_destinations` (Attributes List) A list of forwarders for the match destinations. This list specifies a name ACL, or a list of IPv4/IPv6 addresses, networks, TSIG keys of clients that are allowed or denied access to the DNS view. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--match_destinations))
- `max_cache_ttl` (Number) The maximum number of seconds to cache ordinary (positive) answers.
- `max_ncache_ttl` (Number) The maximum number of seconds to cache negative (NXDOMAIN) answers.
- `max_udp_size` (Number) The value is used by authoritative DNS servers to never send DNS responses larger than the configured value. The value should be between 512 and 4096 bytes. The recommended value is between 512 and 1220 bytes.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view object associated with this DNS view.
- `notify_delay` (Number) The number of seconds of delay the notify messages are sent to secondaries.
- `nxdomain_log_query` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether NXDOMAIN redirection queries are logged. Specify "true" to enable logging, or "false" to disable it. The default value is "false".
- `nxdomain_redirect` (Boolean) Determines if NXDOMAIN redirection in a DNS view is enabled or not.
- `nxdomain_redirect_addresses` (List of String) The array with IPv4 addresses the appliance includes in the response it sends in place of an NXDOMAIN response.
- `nxdomain_redirect_addresses_v6` (List of String) The array with IPv6 addresses the appliance includes in the response it sends in place of an NXDOMAIN response.
- `nxdomain_redirect_ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value of the synthetic DNS responses resulted from NXDOMAIN redirection. The TTL value is a 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the TTL in seconds.
- `nxdomain_rulesets` (List of String) The names of the Ruleset objects assigned at the grid level for NXDOMAIN redirection.
- `recursion` (Boolean) Determines if recursion is enabled or not.
- `response_rate_limiting` (Attributes) The response rate limiting settings for the DNS view. This feature is used to limit the number of responses sent to a client in a given time period. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--response_rate_limiting))
- `root_name_server_type` (String) Determines the type of root name servers.
- `rpz_drop_ip_rule_enabled` (Boolean) Enables the appliance to ignore RPZ-IP triggers with prefix lengths less than the specified minimum prefix length.
- `rpz_drop_ip_rule_min_prefix_length_ipv4` (Number) The minimum prefix length for IPv4 RPZ-IP triggers. The appliance ignores RPZ-IP triggers with prefix lengths less than the specified minimum IPv4 prefix length.
- `rpz_drop_ip_rule_min_prefix_length_ipv6` (Number) The minimum prefix length for IPv6 RPZ-IP triggers. The appliance ignores RPZ-IP triggers with prefix lengths less than the specified minimum IPv6 prefix length.
- `rpz_qname_wait_recurse` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether recursive RPZ lookups are enabled.
- `scavenging_settings` (Attributes) Scavenging settings for the DNS view (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--scavenging_settings))
- `sortlist` (Attributes List) A sort list that determines the order of IP addresses in responses sent to DNS queries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--sortlist))
- `use_blacklist` (Boolean) Use flag for: blacklist_action , blacklist_log_query, blacklist_redirect_addresses, blacklist_redirect_ttl, blacklist_rulesets, enable_blacklist
- `use_ddns_force_creation_timestamp_update` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_force_creation_timestamp_update
- `use_ddns_patterns_restriction` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_restrict_patterns_list , ddns_restrict_patterns
- `use_ddns_principal_security` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_restrict_secure , ddns_principal_tracking, ddns_principal_group
- `use_ddns_restrict_protected` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_restrict_protected
- `use_ddns_restrict_static` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_restrict_static
- `use_dns64` (Boolean) Use flag for: dns64_enabled , dns64_groups
- `use_dnssec` (Boolean) Use flag for: dnssec_enabled , dnssec_expired_signatures_enabled, dnssec_validation_enabled, dnssec_trusted_keys
- `use_edns_udp_size` (Boolean) Use flag for: edns_udp_size
- `use_filter_aaaa` (Boolean) Use flag for: filter_aaaa , filter_aaaa_list
- `use_fixed_rrset_order_fqdns` (Boolean) Use flag for: fixed_rrset_order_fqdns , enable_fixed_rrset_order_fqdns
- `use_forwarders` (Boolean) Use flag for: forwarders , forward_only
- `use_max_cache_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: max_cache_ttl
- `use_max_ncache_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: max_ncache_ttl
- `use_max_udp_size` (Boolean) Use flag for: max_udp_size
- `use_nxdomain_redirect` (Boolean) Use flag for: nxdomain_redirect , nxdomain_redirect_addresses, nxdomain_redirect_addresses_v6, nxdomain_redirect_ttl, nxdomain_log_query, nxdomain_rulesets
- `use_recursion` (Boolean) Use flag for: recursion
- `use_response_rate_limiting` (Boolean) Use flag for: response_rate_limiting
- `use_root_name_server` (Boolean) Use flag for: custom_root_name_servers , root_name_server_type
- `use_rpz_drop_ip_rule` (Boolean) Use flag for: rpz_drop_ip_rule_enabled , rpz_drop_ip_rule_min_prefix_length_ipv4, rpz_drop_ip_rule_min_prefix_length_ipv6
- `use_rpz_qname_wait_recurse` (Boolean) Use flag for: rpz_qname_wait_recurse
- `use_scavenging_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: scavenging_settings , last_queried_acl
- `use_sortlist` (Boolean) Use flag for: sortlist

Read-Only:

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) Structure containing all cloud API related information for this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info))
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `is_default` (Boolean) The NIOS appliance provides one default DNS view. You can rename the default view and change its settings, but you cannot delete it. There must always be at least one DNS view in the appliance.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--custom_root_name_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.custom_root_name_servers`

Required:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the server.
- `name` (String) A resolvable domain name for the external DNS server.

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.
- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The TSIG key name.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name


<a id="nestedatt--result--dnssec_trusted_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dnssec_trusted_keys`

Required:

- `algorithm` (String) The DNSSEC algorithm used to generate the key.
- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN of the domain for which the member validates responses to recursive queries.
- `key` (String) The DNSSEC key.

Optional:

- `dnssec_must_be_secure` (Boolean) Responses must be DNSSEC secure for this hierarchy/domain.
- `secure_entry_point` (Boolean) The secure entry point flag, if set it means this is a KSK configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--result--filter_aaaa_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.filter_aaaa_list`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the Named ACL object.


<a id="nestedatt--result--fixed_rrset_order_fqdns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.fixed_rrset_order_fqdns`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN of the fixed RRset configuration item.

Optional:

- `record_type` (String) The record type for the specified FQDN in the fixed RRset configuration.


<a id="nestedatt--result--last_queried_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.last_queried_acl`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".

Optional:

- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.


<a id="nestedatt--result--match_clients"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.match_clients`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the Named ACL object.
- `struct` (String) The struct type of the object. The value must be one of 'addressac' and 'tsigac'.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key. If the external primary server is a NIOS appliance running DNS One 2.x code, this can be set to :2xCOMPAT.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The name of the TSIG key. If 2.x TSIG compatibility is used, this is set to 'tsig_xfer' on retrieval, and ignored on insert or update.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name


<a id="nestedatt--result--match_destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.match_destinations`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the Named ACL object.
- `struct` (String) The struct type of the object. The value must be one of 'addressac' and 'tsigac'.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key. If the external primary server is a NIOS appliance running DNS One 2.x code, this can be set to :2xCOMPAT.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The name of the TSIG key. If 2.x TSIG compatibility is used, this is set to 'tsig_xfer' on retrieval, and ignored on insert or update.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name


<a id="nestedatt--result--response_rate_limiting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.response_rate_limiting`

Optional:

- `enable_rrl` (Boolean) Determines if the response rate limiting is enabled or not.
- `log_only` (Boolean) Determines if logging for response rate limiting without dropping any requests is enabled or not.
- `responses_per_second` (Number) The number of responses per client per second.
- `slip` (Number) The response rate limiting slip. Note that if slip is not equal to 0 every n-th rate-limited UDP request is sent a truncated response instead of being dropped.
- `window` (Number) The time interval in seconds over which responses are tracked.


<a id="nestedatt--result--scavenging_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.scavenging_settings`

Optional:

- `ea_expression_list` (Attributes List) The extensible attributes expression list. The particular record is treated as reclaimable if extensible attributes expression condition evaluates to 'true' for given record if scavenging hasn't been manually disabled on a given resource record. To unset the ea_expression_list, set it to null. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--scavenging_settings--ea_expression_list))
- `enable_auto_reclamation` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the automatic resource record scavenging is enabled or not.
- `enable_recurrent_scavenging` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the recurrent resource record scavenging is enabled or not.
- `enable_rr_last_queried` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the resource record last queried monitoring in affected zones is enabled or not.
- `enable_scavenging` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the resource record scavenging is enabled or not.
- `enable_zone_last_queried` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the last queried monitoring for affected zones is enabled or not.
- `expression_list` (Attributes List) The expression list. The particular record is treated as reclaimable if expression condition evaluates to 'true' for given record if scavenging hasn't been manually disabled on a given resource record. To unset the expression_list, set it to null. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--scavenging_settings--expression_list))
- `reclaim_associated_records` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the associated resource record scavenging is enabled or not.

Read-Only:

- `scavenging_schedule` (Attributes) The scavenging schedule. The scavenging schedule is used to determine when the scavenging should be performed. If not specified, the default scavenging schedule is used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--scavenging_settings--scavenging_schedule))

<a id="nestedatt--result--scavenging_settings--ea_expression_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.scavenging_settings.ea_expression_list`

Required:

- `op` (String) The operation name.

Optional:

- `op1` (String) The name of the Extensible Attribute Definition object which is used as the first operand value.
- `op1_type` (String) The first operand type.
- `op2` (String) The second operand value.
- `op2_type` (String) The second operand type.


<a id="nestedatt--result--scavenging_settings--expression_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.scavenging_settings.expression_list`

Required:

- `op` (String) The operation name.

Optional:

- `op1` (String) The first operand value.
- `op1_type` (String) The first operand type.
- `op2` (String) The second operand value.
- `op2_type` (String) The second operand type.


<a id="nestedatt--result--scavenging_settings--scavenging_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.scavenging_settings.scavenging_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--result--sortlist"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.sortlist`

Required:

- `address` (String) The source address of a sortlist object.

Optional:

- `match_list` (List of String) The match list of a sortlist.


<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) Information about the delegated member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
