---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_unknown Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DNS Unknown records.
---

# nios_dns_record_unknown (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DNS Unknown records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Unknown record by filters
data "nios_dns_record_unknown" "get_unknown_record_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "record-spf.example.com"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific Unknown records using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_record_unknown" "get_unknown_records_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Unknown records in Default View
data "nios_dns_record_unknown" "get_all_unknown_records_in_default_view" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The Unknown record name in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `record_type` (String) Specifies type of unknown resource record.
- `subfield_values` (Attributes List) The list of rdata subfield values of unknown resource record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--subfield_values))

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `creator` (String) The record creator. Note that changing creator from or to 'SYSTEM' value is not allowed.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `enable_host_name_policy` (Boolean) Determines if host name policy is applicable for the record.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value for the record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

Read-Only:

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info))
- `display_rdata` (String) Standard textual representation of the RDATA.
- `dns_name` (String) The name of the unknown record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `policy` (String) The host name policy for the record.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--result--subfield_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.subfield_values`

Required:

- `field_type` (String) Type of field. "B": unsigned 8-bit integer, "S": unsigned 16-bit integer, "I": unsigned 32-bit integer. "H": BASE64, "6": an IPv6 address, "4": an IPv4 address, "N": a domain name, "T": text string, "X": opaque binary data
- `field_value` (String) String representation of subfield value.
- `include_length` (String) The 'size of 'length' sub-sub field to be included in RDATA.


<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
