---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardingmember Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  
---

# nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardingmember (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a NS Group forwardingmember by filters
data "nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardingmember" "get_ns_group_forwardingmember_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_ns_group_forwardingmember"
  }
}

// Retrieve a NS Group forwardingmember using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardingmember" "get_ns_group_forwardingmember_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all NS Group forwardingmember
data "nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardingmember" "get_all_ns_group_forwardingmembers" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `forwarding_servers` (Attributes List) The list of forwarding member servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--forwarding_servers))
- `name` (String) The name of the Forwarding Member Name Server Group.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the Forwarding Member Name Server Group; maximum 256 characters.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--forwarding_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.forwarding_servers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of this Grid member in FQDN format.

Optional:

- `forward_to` (Attributes List) The information for the remote name server to which you want the Infoblox appliance to forward queries for a specified domain name. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--forwarding_servers--forward_to))
- `forwarders_only` (Boolean) Determines if the appliance sends queries to forwarders only, and not to other internal or Internet root servers.
- `use_override_forwarders` (Boolean) Use flag for: forward_to

<a id="nestedatt--result--forwarding_servers--forward_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.forwarding_servers.forward_to`

Required:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the server.
- `name` (String) A resolvable domain name for the external DNS server.

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.
- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The TSIG key name.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name
