---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_nsgroup_stubmember Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing NS Group stub members.
---

# nios_dns_nsgroup_stubmember (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing NS Group stub members.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a NS Group stub members by filters
data "nios_dns_nsgroup_stubmember" "get_ns_group_stubmember_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_ns_group"
  }
}

// Retrieve a NS Group stub members using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_nsgroup_stubmember" "get_ns_group_stubmember_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all NS Group stub members
data "nios_dns_nsgroup_stubmember" "get_all_ns_group_stubmembers" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the Stub Member Name Server Group.
- `stub_members` (Attributes List) The Grid member servers of this stub zone. Note that the lead/stealth/grid_replicate/ preferred_primaries/override_preferred_primaries fields of the struct will be ignored when set in this field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--stub_members))

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the Stub Member Name Server Group; maximum 256 characters.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--stub_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.stub_members`

Required:

- `name` (String) The grid member name.

Read-Only:

- `enable_preferred_primaries` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the preferred_primaries field values of this member are used.
- `grid_replicate` (Boolean) The flag represents DNS zone transfers if set to False, and ID Grid Replication if set to True. This flag is ignored if the struct is specified as part of a stub zone or if it is set as grid_member in an authoritative zone.
- `lead` (Boolean) This flag controls whether the Grid lead secondary server performs zone transfers to non lead secondaries. This flag is ignored if the struct is specified as grid_member in an authoritative zone.
- `preferred_primaries` (Attributes List) The primary preference list with Grid member names and\or External Server extserver structs for this member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--stub_members--preferred_primaries))
- `stealth` (Boolean) This flag governs whether the specified Grid member is in stealth mode or not. If set to True, the member is in stealth mode. This flag is ignored if the struct is specified as part of a stub zone.

<a id="nestedatt--result--stub_members--preferred_primaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.stub_members.preferred_primaries`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the server.
- `name` (String) A resolvable domain name for the external DNS server.
- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.
- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The TSIG key name.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name
