---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_sharedrecord_srv Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DNS Shared SRV Records.
---

# nios_dns_sharedrecord_srv (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DNS Shared SRV Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Shared SRV Record by filters
data "nios_dns_sharedrecord_srv" "get_sharedrecord_srv_with_filter" {
  filters = {
    name = "sharedrecord_srv.example.com"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific Shared SRV Records using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_sharedrecord_srv" "get_sharedrecord_srv_with_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Shared SRV Records
data "nios_dns_sharedrecord_srv" "get_all_srv_sharedrecords" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name for this shared record. This value can be in unicode format.
- `port` (Number) The port of the shared SRV record. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the shared SRV record. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `shared_record_group` (String) The name of the shared record group in which the record resides.
- `target` (String) The target of the shared SRV record in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `weight` (Number) The weight of the shared SRV record. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for this shared record; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if this shared record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value for this shared record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the shared record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the shared record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl

Read-Only:

- `dns_name` (String) The name for this shared record in punycode format.
- `dns_target` (String) The name for a shared SRV record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
