---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_tlsa Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing TLSA Records.
---

# nios_dns_record_tlsa (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing TLSA Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific TLSA record by filters
data "nios_dns_record_tlsa" "get_tlsa_record_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = nios_dns_record_tlsa.create_record_tlsa_with_basic_fields.name
  }
}

// Retrieve specific TLSA records using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_record_tlsa" "get_tlsa_record_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all TLSA records in Default View
data "nios_dns_record_tlsa" "get_all_tlsa_records_in_default_view" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `certificate_data` (String) Hex dump of either raw data for matching type 0, or the hash of the raw data for matching types 1 and 2.
- `certificate_usage` (Number) Specifies the provided association that will be used to match the certificate presented in the TLS handshake. Based on RFC-6698.
- `matched_type` (Number) Specifies how the certificate association is presented. Based on RFC-6698.
- `name` (String) The TLSA record name in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `selector` (Number) Specifies which part of the TLS certificate presented by the server will be matched against the association data. Based on RFC-6698.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `creator` (String) The record creator. Note that changing creator from or to 'SYSTEM' value is not allowed.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value for the record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

Read-Only:

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info))
- `dns_name` (String) The name of the TLSA record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
