---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardstubserver Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about NS Group Forward Stub Members.
---

# nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardstubserver (Data Source)

Retrieves information about NS Group Forward Stub Members.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific NS Group Forward Stub Server by filters
data "nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardstubserver" "get_nsgroup_forward_stub_server_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_ns_group_forward_stub_server"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific NS Group Forward Stub Servers using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardstubserver" "get_nsgroup_forward_stub_server_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all NS Groups Forward Stub Servers
data "nios_dns_nsgroup_forwardstubserver" "get_nsgroup_forward_stub_server_in_specific_view" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `external_servers` (Attributes List) The list of external servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--external_servers))
- `name` (String) The name of this Forward Stub Server Name Server Group.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the Forward Stub Server Name Server Group; maximum 256 characters.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--external_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.external_servers`

Required:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the server.
- `name` (String) A resolvable domain name for the external DNS server.

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.
- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The TSIG key name.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name
