---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_monitor_snmp Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DTC SNMP Monitors.
---

# nios_dtc_monitor_snmp (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DTC SNMP Monitors.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DTC snmp monitor by filters
data "nios_dtc_monitor_snmp" "get_monitor_snmp_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "dtc_monitor_snmp"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DTC snmp monitors using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dtc_monitor_snmp" "get_monitor_snmp_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DTC snmp monitors 
data "nios_dtc_monitor_snmp" "get_all_snmp_monitors" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The display name for this DTC monitor.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for this DTC monitor; maximum 256 characters.
- `community` (String) The SNMP community string for SNMP authentication.
- `context` (String) The SNMPv3 context.
- `engine_id` (String) The SNMPv3 engine identifier.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `interval` (Number) The interval for TCP health check.
- `oids` (Attributes List) A list of OIDs for SNMP monitoring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--oids))
- `port` (Number) The port value for SNMP requests.
- `retry_down` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as down to be treated as dead after it was alive.
- `retry_up` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as up to be treated as alive after it was dead.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout for TCP health check in seconds.
- `user` (String) The SNMPv3 user setting.
- `version` (String) The SNMP protocol version for the SNMP health check.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--oids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.oids`

Required:

- `oid` (String) The SNMP OID value for DTC SNMP Monitor health checks.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The comment for a DTC SNMP Health Monitor OID object.
- `condition` (String) The condition of the validation result for an SNMP health check. The following conditions can be applied to the health check results: 'ANY' accepts any response; 'EXACT' accepts result equal to 'first'; 'LEQ' accepts result which is less than 'first'; 'GEQ' accepts result which is greater than 'first'; 'RANGE' accepts result value of which is between 'first' and 'last'.
- `first` (String) The condition's first term to match against the SNMP health check result.
- `last` (String) The condition's second term to match against the SNMP health check result with 'RANGE' condition.
- `type` (String) The value of the condition type for DTC SNMP Monitor health check results.
