---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_monitor_http Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DTC Monitors HTTP.
---

# nios_dtc_monitor_http (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DTC Monitors HTTP.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DTC Monitor HTTP by filters
data "nios_dtc_monitor_http" "get_dtc_monitor_with_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-monitor-http"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DTC HTTP Monitor using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dtc_monitor_http" "get_dtc_monitor_with_extattr_filters" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DTC HTTP Monitor
data "nios_dtc_monitor_http" "get_all_dtc_http_monitors" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The display name for this DTC monitor.

Optional:

- `ciphers` (String) An optional cipher list for a secure HTTP/S connection.
- `client_cert` (String) An optional client certificate, supplied in a secure HTTP/S mode if present.
- `comment` (String) Comment for this DTC monitor; maximum 256 characters.
- `content_check` (String) The content check type.
- `content_check_input` (String) A portion of response to use as input for content check.
- `content_check_op` (String) A content check success criteria operator.
- `content_check_regex` (String) A content check regular expression.
- `content_extract_group` (Number) A content extraction sub-expression to extract.
- `content_extract_type` (String) A content extraction expected type for the extracted data.
- `content_extract_value` (String) A content extraction value to compare with extracted result.
- `enable_sni` (Boolean) Determines whether the Server Name Indication (SNI) for HTTPS monitor is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `interval` (Number) The interval for TCP health check.
- `port` (Number) Port for TCP requests.
- `request` (String) An HTTP request to send.
- `result` (String) The type of an expected result.
- `result_code` (Number) The expected return code.
- `retry_down` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as down to be treated as dead after it was alive.
- `retry_up` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as up to be treated as alive after it was dead.
- `secure` (Boolean) The connection security status.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout for TCP health check in seconds.
- `validate_cert` (Boolean) Determines whether the validation of the remote server's certificate is enabled.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
