---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_record_aaaa Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DTC AAAA Records.
---

# nios_dtc_record_aaaa (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DTC AAAA Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Note: DTC AAAA Record cannot be retrieved without filters. The dtc_server filter is mandatory for all queries.

// Retrieve a specific DTC record AAAA in a DTC server using filters 
data "nios_dtc_record_aaaa" "get_dtc_record_aaaa_in_dtc_server_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    dtc_server = "example-server"
    ipv6addr   = "2001:db8:85a3::8a2e:370:7335"
  }
}


// Retrieve all DTC AAAA records in a DTC server
data "nios_dtc_record_aaaa" "get_all_dtc_record_aaaa_in_dtc_server" {
  filters = {
    dtc_server = "example-server"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters. The `dtc_server` filter is a required and must be specified for searching DTC AAAA records.

### Optional

- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `dtc_server` (String) The name of the DTC Server object with which the DTC record is associated.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the domain name.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl

Read-Only:

- `auto_created` (Boolean) Flag that indicates whether this record was automatically created by NIOS.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
