---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_topology Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DTC Topologies.
---

# nios_dtc_topology (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DTC Topologies.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DTC Topology by name
data "nios_dtc_topology" "get_topology_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_dtc_topology"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DTC Topology using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dtc_topology" "get_topologies_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DTC Topologies
data "nios_dtc_topology" "get_all_dtc_topologies" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) Display name of the DTC Topology.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The comment for the DTC TOPOLOGY monitor object; maximum 256 characters.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `rules` (Attributes List) Topology rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--rules))

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.rules`

Required:

- `dest_type` (String) The type of the destination for this rule.

Optional:

- `destination_link` (String) The reference to the destination object.
- `return_type` (String) The type of the return value for this source.
- `sources` (Attributes List) Conditions for matching sources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--rules--sources))

Read-Only:

- `topology` (String) The topology for this rule.
- `valid` (Boolean) Indicates whether the rule is valid.

<a id="nestedatt--result--rules--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.rules.sources`

Required:

- `source_type` (String) Type of the source.
- `source_value` (String) Value of the source.

Optional:

- `source_op` (String) Operation for matching the source.
