---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_record_srv Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DTC SRV Records.
---

# nios_dtc_record_srv (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DTC SRV Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DTC SRV Record in a DTC server using filters 
data "nios_dtc_record_srv" "get_dtc_record_srv_in_dtc_server_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    dtc_server = "example-server"
    name       = "example_record._tcp.example.com"
  }
}


// Retrieve all DTC SRV Records in a DTC server
data "nios_dtc_record_srv" "get_all_dtc_record_srv_in_dtc_server" {
  filters = {
    dtc_server = "example-server"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters. The 'dtc_server' filter is required and must be specified for searching DTC SRV records.

### Optional

- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `dtc_server` (String) The name of the DTC Server object with which the DTC record is associated.
- `port` (Number) The port of the SRV record. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the SRV record. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `target` (String) The target of the SRV record in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `weight` (Number) The weight of the SRV record. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `name` (String) The name for an SRV record in unicode format.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
