---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_record_naptr Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DTC NAPTR Records.
---

# nios_dtc_record_naptr (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DTC NAPTR Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Note: DTC NAPTR Record cannot be retrieved without filters. The dtc_server filter is mandatory for all queries.

// Retrieve a specific DTC NAPTR Record in a DTC server using filters 
data "nios_dtc_record_naptr" "get_dtc_record_naptr_in_dtc_server_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    dtc_server = "example-server"
    order      = 100
  }
}


// Retrieve all DTC NAPTR Records in a DTC server
data "nios_dtc_record_naptr" "get_all_dtc_record_naptr_in_dtc_server" {
  filters = {
    dtc_server = "example-server"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.  The `dtc_server` filter is a required filter and must be specified for searching DTC NAPTR records.

### Optional

- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `dtc_server` (String) The name of the DTC Server object with which the DTC record is associated.
- `order` (Number) The order parameter of the NAPTR records. This parameter specifies the order in which the NAPTR rules are applied when multiple rules are present. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `preference` (Number) The preference of the NAPTR record. The preference field determines the order the NAPTR records are processed when multiple records with the same order parameter are present. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `replacement` (String) The replacement field of the NAPTR record object. For nonterminal NAPTR records, this field specifies the next domain name to look up. This value can be in unicode format.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `flags` (String) The flags used to control the interpretation of the fields for an NAPTR record object. Supported values for the flags field are "U", "S", "P" and "A".
- `regexp` (String) The regular expression-based rewriting rule of the NAPTR record. This should be a POSIX compliant regular expression, including the substitution rule and flags. Refer to RFC 2915 for the field syntax details.
- `services` (String) The services field of the NAPTR record object; maximum 128 characters. The services field contains protocol and service identifiers, such as "http+E2U" or "SIPS+D2T".
- `ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
