---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_monitor_icmp Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing ICMP DTC Monitors.
---

# nios_dtc_monitor_icmp (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing ICMP DTC Monitors.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DTC ICMP Monitor by filters
data "nios_dtc_monitor_icmp" "get_monitor_icmp_with_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_monitor_icmp"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DTC ICMP Monitor using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dtc_monitor_icmp" "get_monitor_icmp_with_extattr_filters" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DTC ICMP Monitors
data "nios_dtc_monitor_icmp" "get_all_dtc_monitor_icmp" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The display name for this DTC monitor.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for this DTC monitor; maximum 256 characters.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `interval` (Number) The interval for TCP health check.
- `retry_down` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as down to be treated as dead after it was alive.
- `retry_up` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as up to be treated as alive after it was dead.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout for TCP health check in seconds.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
