---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_grid_gmcgroup Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "GRID"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing GMC Group objects.
---

# nios_grid_gmcgroup (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing GMC Group objects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific grid GMC Group by filters
data "nios_grid_gmcgroup" "get_grid_gmcgroup_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_gmcgroup_2"
  }
}

// Retrieve all grid GMC Group
data "nios_grid_gmcgroup" "get_all_grid_gmcgroup" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) Group name

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Description of the group
- `gmc_promotion_policy` (String) This field decides whether the members join back at the same time or sequentially with time gap of 30 seconds.
- `members` (Attributes List) gmcgroup members (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--members))
- `scheduled_time` (Number) Absolute time at which the reconnect starts

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for scheduling operations.

<a id="nestedatt--result--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.members`

Required:

- `member` (String) The gmcgroup member name.
