---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_grid_servicerestart_group Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "GRID"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing GRID Service Restart Groups definitions.
---

# nios_grid_servicerestart_group (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing GRID Service Restart Groups definitions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific GRID Service Restart Group by filters
data "nios_grid_servicerestart_group" "get_grid_servicerestart_group_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_grid_service_restart_group"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific GRID Service Restart Group using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_grid_servicerestart_group" "get_grid_servicerestart_group_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all GRID Service Restart Groups
data "nios_grid_servicerestart_group" "get_all_grid_servicerestart_group" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of this Restart Group.
- `service` (String) The applicable service for this Restart Group.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the Restart Group; maximum 256 characters.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `members` (List of String) The list of members belonging to the group.
- `mode` (String) The default restart method for this Restart Group.
- `recurring_schedule` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--recurring_schedule))

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Determines if this Restart Group is the default group.
- `last_updated_time` (Number) The timestamp when the status of the latest request has changed.
- `position` (Number) The order to restart.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `requests` (List of String) The list of requests associated with a restart group.
- `status` (Attributes) The restart status for a restart group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--status))

<a id="nestedatt--result--recurring_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.recurring_schedule`

Optional:

- `force` (Boolean) Determines if the Restart Group should have a force restart.
- `mode` (String) The restart method for a Grid restart.
- `schedule` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--recurring_schedule--schedule))
- `services` (List of String) The list of applicable services for the restart.

<a id="nestedatt--result--recurring_schedule--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.recurring_schedule.schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--result--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.status`

Read-Only:

- `failures` (Number) The number of failed requests.
- `finished` (Number) The number of finished requests.
- `grouped` (String) The type of grouping.
- `needed_restart` (Number) The number of created yet unprocessed requests for restart.
- `no_restart` (Number) The number of requests that did not require a restart.
- `parent` (String) A reference to the grid or grid:servicerestart:group object associated with the request.
- `pending` (Number) The number of requests that are pending a restart.
- `pending_restart` (Number) The number of forced or needed requests pending for restart.
- `processing` (Number) The number of not forced and not needed requests pending for restart.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `restarting` (Number) The number of service restarts for corresponding members.
- `success` (Number) The number of requests associated with successful restarts.
- `timeouts` (Number) The number of timeout requests.
