---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_grid_upgradegroup Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "GRID"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Upgrade Groups.
---

# nios_grid_upgradegroup (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Upgrade Groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Upgrade Group by filters
data "nios_grid_upgradegroup" "get_upgradegroup_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "upgradegroup-additional"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Upgrade Groups
data "nios_grid_upgradegroup" "get_all_upgradegroups" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The upgrade group name.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The upgrade group descriptive comment.
- `distribution_dependent_group` (String) The distribution dependent group name.
- `distribution_policy` (String) The distribution scheduling policy.
- `distribution_time` (Number) The time of the next scheduled distribution.
- `members` (Attributes List) The upgrade group members. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--members))
- `upgrade_dependent_group` (String) The upgrade dependent group name.
- `upgrade_policy` (String) The upgrade scheduling policy.
- `upgrade_time` (Number) The time of the next scheduled upgrade.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for scheduling operations.

<a id="nestedatt--result--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.members`

Required:

- `member` (String) The upgrade group member name.

Read-Only:

- `time_zone` (String) The upgrade group member time zone.
