---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_grid_distributionschedule Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "GRID"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about current Distribution Schedule config from the NIOS Grid.
---

# nios_grid_distributionschedule (Data Source)

Retrieves information about current Distribution Schedule config from the NIOS Grid.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Determines whether the distribution schedule is active.
- `start_time` (String) The start time of the distribution.
- `upgrade_groups` (Attributes List) The upgrade groups scheduling settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--upgrade_groups))

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `time_zone` (String) Time zone of the distribution start time.

<a id="nestedatt--result--upgrade_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.upgrade_groups`

Required:

- `name` (String) The upgrade group name.

Optional:

- `distribution_dependent_group` (String) The distribution dependent group name.
- `distribution_time` (String) The time of the next scheduled distribution.
- `upgrade_dependent_group` (String) The upgrade dependent group name.
- `upgrade_time` (Number) The time of the next scheduled upgrade.

Read-Only:

- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for scheduling operations.
