---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_grid_member Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "GRID"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Member objects.
---

# nios_grid_member (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Member objects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific GRID Member by filters
data "nios_grid_member" "get_grid_member_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    host_name = "infoblox.localdomain"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific GRID Members using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_grid_member" "get_grid_member_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all GRID Members
data "nios_grid_member" "get_all_grid_members" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `host_name` (String) The host name of the Grid member.

Optional:

- `additional_ip_list` (Attributes List) The additional IP list of a Grid member. This list contains additional interface information that can be used at the member level. Note that interface structure(s) with interface type set to 'MGMT' are not supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--additional_ip_list))
- `automated_traffic_capture_setting` (Attributes) Member level settings for automated traffic capture. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--automated_traffic_capture_setting))
- `bgp_as` (Attributes List) The BGP configuration for anycast for a Grid member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--bgp_as))
- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment of the Grid member.
- `config_addr_type` (String) Address configuration type.
- `configure_csp_member_setting` (Boolean) Used to manage CSP Member Setting. Set to true to manage CSP Member Setting. This is required as changes to CSP Member Setting will trigger a test connection.
- `csp_access_key` (List of String) CSP portal on-prem host access key
- `csp_member_setting` (Attributes) csp setting at member level. Test Setting will be performed for any change under CSP_member_setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--csp_member_setting))
- `dns_resolver_setting` (Attributes) DNS resolver setting for member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--dns_resolver_setting))
- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value.
- `email_setting` (Attributes) The email setting for member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--email_setting))
- `enable_ha` (Boolean) If set to True, the member has two physical nodes (HA pair).
- `enable_lom` (Boolean) Determines if the LOM functionality is enabled or not.
- `enable_member_redirect` (Boolean) Determines if the member will redirect GUI connections to the Grid Master or not.
- `enable_ro_api_access` (Boolean) If set to True and the member object is a Grid Master Candidate, then read-only API access is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `external_syslog_backup_servers` (Attributes List) The list of external syslog backup servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--external_syslog_backup_servers))
- `external_syslog_server_enable` (Boolean) Determines if external syslog servers should be enabled.
- `grid_level_dns_resolver_setting` (Attributes) Grid-level DNS resolver setting. When configured, this will update the grid DNS resolver settings and restart grid services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--grid_level_dns_resolver_setting))
- `ha_cloud_platform` (String) Cloud platform for HA.
- `ha_on_cloud` (Boolean) True: HA on cloud. False: HA not on cloud.
- `ipv6_setting` (Attributes) IPV6 setting for member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv6_setting))
- `ipv6_static_routes` (Attributes List) List of IPv6 static routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv6_static_routes))
- `lan2_enabled` (Boolean) If this is set to "true", the LAN2 port is enabled as an independent port or as a port for failover purposes.
- `lan2_port_setting` (Attributes) Settings for the Grid member LAN2 port if ‘lan2_enabled’ is set to “true”. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--lan2_port_setting))
- `lom_network_config` (Attributes List) The Network configurations for LOM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--lom_network_config))
- `lom_users` (Attributes List) The list of LOM users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--lom_users))
- `master_candidate` (Boolean) Determines if a Grid member is a Grid Master Candidate or not. This flag enables the Grid member to assume the role of the Grid Master as a disaster recovery measure.
- `mgmt_port_setting` (Attributes) Settings for the member MGMT port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--mgmt_port_setting))
- `nat_setting` (Attributes) NAT settings for the member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--nat_setting))
- `node_info` (Attributes List) The node information list with detailed status report on the operations of the Grid Member, mgmt_port_setting must be enabled when configuring the MGMT Port using the node_info field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--node_info))
- `ntp_setting` (Attributes) The member Network Time Protocol (NTP) settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ntp_setting))
- `ospf_list` (Attributes List) The OSPF area configuration (for anycast) list for a Grid member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ospf_list))
- `passive_ha_arp_enabled` (Boolean) The ARP protocol setting on the passive node of an HA pair. If you do not specify a value, the default value is "false". You can only set this value to "true" if the member is an HA pair.
- `platform` (String) Hardware Platform.
- `pre_provisioning` (Attributes) Pre-provisioning information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--pre_provisioning))
- `preserve_if_owns_delegation` (Boolean) Set this flag to "true" to prevent the deletion of the member if any delegated object remains attached to it.
- `remote_console_access_enable` (Boolean) If set to True, superuser admins can access the Infoblox CLI from a remote location using an SSH (Secure Shell) v2 client.
- `router_id` (Number) Virutal router identifier. Provide this ID if "ha_enabled" is set to "true". This is a unique VRID number (from 1 to 255) for the local subnet.
- `service_type_configuration` (String) Configure all services to the given type.
- `snmp_setting` (Attributes) The Grid Member SNMP settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--snmp_setting))
- `static_routes` (Attributes List) List of static routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--static_routes))
- `support_access_enable` (Boolean) Determines if support access for the Grid member should be enabled.
- `syslog_proxy_setting` (Attributes) The Grid Member syslog proxy settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--syslog_proxy_setting))
- `syslog_servers` (Attributes List) The list of external syslog servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--syslog_servers))
- `syslog_size` (Number) The maximum size for the syslog file expressed in megabytes.
- `threshold_traps` (Attributes List) Determines the list of threshold traps. The user can only change the values for each trap or remove traps. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--threshold_traps))
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone of the Grid member. The UTC string that represents the time zone, such as "Asia/Kolkata".
- `traffic_capture_auth_dns_setting` (Attributes) Grid level settings for enabling authoritative DNS latency thresholds for automated traffic capture. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_auth_dns_setting))
- `traffic_capture_chr_setting` (Attributes) Member level settings for enabling DNS cache hit ratio threshold for automated traffic capture. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_chr_setting))
- `traffic_capture_qps_setting` (Attributes) Member level settings for enabling DNS query per second threshold for automated traffic capture. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_qps_setting))
- `traffic_capture_rec_dns_setting` (Attributes) Grid level settings for enabling recursive DNS latency thresholds for automated traffic capture. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_rec_dns_setting))
- `traffic_capture_rec_queries_setting` (Attributes) Grid level settings for enabling count for concurrent outgoing recursive queries for automated traffic capture. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_rec_queries_setting))
- `trap_notifications` (Attributes List) Determines configuration of the trap notifications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--trap_notifications))
- `upgrade_group` (String) The name of the upgrade group to which this Grid member belongs.
- `use_automated_traffic_capture` (Boolean) This flag is the use flag for enabling automated traffic capture based on DNS cache ratio thresholds.
- `use_dns_resolver_setting` (Boolean) Use flag for: dns_resolver_setting
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `use_email_setting` (Boolean) Use flag for: email_setting
- `use_enable_lom` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_lom
- `use_enable_member_redirect` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_member_redirect
- `use_external_syslog_backup_servers` (Boolean) Use flag for: external_syslog_backup_servers
- `use_remote_console_access_enable` (Boolean) Use flag for: remote_console_access_enable
- `use_snmp_setting` (Boolean) Use flag for: snmp_setting
- `use_support_access_enable` (Boolean) Use flag for: support_access_enable
- `use_syslog_proxy_setting` (Boolean) Use flag for: external_syslog_server_enable , syslog_servers, syslog_proxy_setting, syslog_size
- `use_threshold_traps` (Boolean) Use flag for: threshold_traps
- `use_time_zone` (Boolean) Use flag for: time_zone
- `use_traffic_capture_auth_dns` (Boolean) This flag is the use flag for enabling automated traffic capture based on authorative DNS latency.
- `use_traffic_capture_chr` (Boolean) This flag is the use flag for automated traffic capture settings at member level.
- `use_traffic_capture_qps` (Boolean) This flag is the use flag for enabling automated traffic capture based on DNS querie per second thresholds.
- `use_traffic_capture_rec_dns` (Boolean) This flag is the use flag for enabling automated traffic capture based on recursive DNS latency.
- `use_traffic_capture_rec_queries` (Boolean) This flag is the use flag for enabling automated traffic capture based on outgoing recursive queries.
- `use_trap_notifications` (Boolean) Use flag for: trap_notifications
- `use_v4_vrrp` (Boolean) Specify "true" to use VRRPv4 or "false" to use VRRPv6.
- `vip_setting` (Attributes) The network settings for the Grid member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--vip_setting))
- `vpn_mtu` (Number) The VPN maximum transmission unit (MTU).

Read-Only:

- `active_position` (String) The active server of a Grid member.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `is_dscp_capable` (Boolean) Determines if a Grid member supports DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point).
- `member_service_communication` (Attributes List) Configure communication type for various services. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--member_service_communication))
- `mmdb_ea_build_time` (Number) Extensible attributes Topology database build time.
- `mmdb_geoip_build_time` (Number) GeoIP Topology database build time.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `service_status` (Attributes List) The service status list of a grid member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--service_status))
- `support_access_info` (String) The information string for support access.

<a id="nestedatt--result--additional_ip_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.additional_ip_list`

Optional:

- `anycast` (Boolean) Determines if anycast for the Interface object is enabled or not.
- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment of this structure.
- `enable_bgp` (Boolean) Determines if the BGP advertisement setting is enabled for this interface or not.
- `enable_ospf` (Boolean) Determines if the OSPF advertisement setting is enabled for this interface or not.
- `interface` (String) The interface type for the Interface object.
- `ipv4_network_setting` (Attributes) The IPv4 network settings of the Grid Member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--additional_ip_list--ipv4_network_setting))
- `ipv6_network_setting` (Attributes) The IPv6 network settings of the Grid Member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--additional_ip_list--ipv6_network_setting))

<a id="nestedatt--result--additional_ip_list--ipv4_network_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.additional_ip_list.ipv4_network_setting`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value determines relative priorities for the type of services on your network. The appliance implements QoS (Quality of Service) rules based on this configuration. Valid values are from 0 to 63.
- `gateway` (String) The default gateway for the Grid Member.
- `lan_gateway` (String) LAN gateway only for GCP HA.
- `lan_subnet_mask` (String) LAN netmask only for GCP HA.
- `subnet_mask` (String) The subnet mask for the Grid Member.
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `vlan_id` (Number) The identifier for the VLAN. Valid values are from 1 to 4096.

Read-Only:

- `primary` (Boolean) Determines if the current address is the primary VLAN address or not.


<a id="nestedatt--result--additional_ip_list--ipv6_network_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.additional_ip_list.ipv6_network_setting`

Optional:

- `auto_router_config_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if automatic router configuration should be enabled.
- `cidr_prefix` (Number) IPv6 cidr prefix
- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value determines relative priorities for the type of services on your network. The appliance implements QoS (Quality of Service) rules based on this configuration. Valid values are from 0 to 63.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines if IPv6 networking should be enabled.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway address.
- `primary` (Boolean) Determines if the current address is the primary VLAN address or not.
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `virtual_ip` (String) IPv6 address.
- `vlan_id` (Number) The identifier for the VLAN. Valid values are from 1 to 4096.



<a id="nestedatt--result--automated_traffic_capture_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.automated_traffic_capture_setting`

Optional:

- `destination` (String) Destination of traffic capture files. Save traffic capture locally or upload to remote server using FTP or SCP.
- `destination_host` (String) IP Address of the destination host.
- `duration` (Number) The time interval on which traffic will be captured(in sec).
- `include_support_bundle` (Boolean) Enable automatic download for support bundle.
- `keep_local_copy` (Boolean) Save traffic capture files locally.
- `password` (String) Password for accessing the FTP/SCP server. This field is not readable.
- `support_bundle_directory` (String) Directory to store the support bundle on the remote server.
- `traffic_capture_directory` (String) Directory to store the traffic capture files on the remote server.
- `traffic_capture_enable` (Boolean) Enable automated traffic capture based on monitoring thresholds.
- `username` (String) User name for accessing the FTP/SCP server.


<a id="nestedatt--result--bgp_as"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.bgp_as`

Required:

- `as` (Number) The number of this autonomous system.

Optional:

- `holddown` (Number) The AS holddown timer (in seconds). The valid value is from 3 to 65535.
- `keepalive` (Number) The AS keepalive timer (in seconds). The valid value is from 1 to 21845.
- `link_detect` (Boolean) Determines if link detection on the interface is enabled or not.
- `neighbors` (Attributes List) The BGP neighbors for this AS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--bgp_as--neighbors))

<a id="nestedatt--result--bgp_as--neighbors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.bgp_as.neighbors`

Required:

- `authentication_mode` (String) The BGP authentication mode.
- `interface` (String) The interface that sends BGP advertisement information.
- `neighbor_ip` (String) The IP address of the BGP neighbor.
- `remote_as` (Number) The remote AS number of the BGP neighbor.

Optional:

- `bfd_template` (String) The BFD template name.
- `bgp_neighbor_pass` (String) The password for a BGP neighbor. This is required only if authentication_mode is set to "MD5". When the password is entered, the value is preserved even if authentication_mode is changed to "NONE". This is a write-only attribute.
- `comment` (String) User comments for this BGP neighbor.
- `enable_bfd` (Boolean) Determines if BFD is enabled or not.
- `enable_bfd_dnscheck` (Boolean) Determines if BFD internal DNS monitor is enabled or not.
- `multihop` (Boolean) Determines if the multi-hop support is enabled or not.
- `multihop_ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value for multi-hop. Valid values are between 1 and 255.



<a id="nestedatt--result--csp_member_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.csp_member_setting`

Optional:

- `csp_dns_resolver` (String) IP address of DNS resolver in DFP
- `csp_https_proxy` (String) HTTP Proxy IP address of CSP Portal
- `csp_join_token` (String) Join token required to connect to a cluster
- `use_csp_dns_resolver` (Boolean) Overrides CSP DNS Resolver
- `use_csp_https_proxy` (Boolean) Overrides grid https proxy
- `use_csp_join_token` (Boolean) Overrides grid join token


<a id="nestedatt--result--dns_resolver_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.dns_resolver_setting`

Optional:

- `resolvers` (List of String) The resolvers of a Grid member. The Grid member sends queries to the first name server address in the list. The second name server address is used if first one does not response.
- `search_domains` (List of String) The Search Domain Group, which is a group of domain names that the Infoblox device can add to partial queries that do not specify a domain name. Note that you can set this parameter only when prefer_resolver or alternate_resolver is set.


<a id="nestedatt--result--email_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.email_setting`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The notification email address of a Grid member.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines if email notification is enabled or not.
- `from_address` (String) The email address of a Grid Member for 'from' field in notification.
- `password` (String) Password to validate from address
- `port_number` (Number) SMTP port number
- `relay` (String) The relay name or IP address.
- `relay_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if email relay is enabled or not.
- `smtps` (Boolean) SMTP over TLS
- `use_authentication` (Boolean) Enable or disable SMTP auth


<a id="nestedatt--result--external_syslog_backup_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.external_syslog_backup_servers`

Required:

- `address_or_fqdn` (String) The IPv4 or IPv6 address or FQDN of the backup syslog server.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the backup syslog server.
- `username` (String) The username of the backup syslog server.

Optional:

- `directory_path` (String) The directory path for the replication of the rotated syslog files.
- `enable` (Boolean) If set to True, the syslog backup server is enabled.
- `port` (Number) The port used to connect to the backup syslog server.
- `protocol` (String) The transport protocol used to connect to the backup syslog server.


<a id="nestedatt--result--grid_level_dns_resolver_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.grid_level_dns_resolver_setting`

Optional:

- `resolvers` (List of String) The resolvers of a Grid member. The Grid member sends queries to the first name server address in the list. The second name server address is used if first one does not response.
- `search_domains` (List of String) The Search Domain Group, which is a group of domain names that the Infoblox device can add to partial queries that do not specify a domain name. Note that you can set this parameter only when prefer_resolver or alternate_resolver is set.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv6_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv6_setting`

Optional:

- `auto_router_config_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if automatic router configuration should be enabled.
- `cidr_prefix` (Number) IPv6 cidr prefix
- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value determines relative priorities for the type of services on your network. The appliance implements QoS (Quality of Service) rules based on this configuration. Valid values are from 0 to 63.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines if IPv6 networking should be enabled.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway address.
- `primary` (Boolean) Determines if the current address is the primary VLAN address or not.
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `virtual_ip` (String) IPv6 address.
- `vlan_id` (Number) The identifier for the VLAN. Valid values are from 1 to 4096.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv6_static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv6_static_routes`

Optional:

- `address` (String) IPv6 address.
- `cidr` (Number) IPv6 CIDR
- `gateway` (String) Gateway address.


<a id="nestedatt--result--lan2_port_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.lan2_port_setting`

Optional:

- `default_route_failover_enabled` (Boolean) Default route failover for LAN1 and LAN2.
- `enabled` (Boolean) If this field is set to True, then it has its own IP settings. Otherwise, port redundancy mechanism is used, in which the LAN1 and LAN2 ports share the same IP settings for failover purposes.
- `network_setting` (Attributes) If the ‘enable’ field is set to True, this defines IPv4 network settings for LAN2. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--lan2_port_setting--network_setting))
- `nic_failover_enable_primary` (Boolean) Prefer LAN1 when available.
- `nic_failover_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if NIC failover is enabled or not.
- `v6_network_setting` (Attributes) If the ‘enable’ field is set to True, this defines IPv6 network settings for the LAN2 port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--lan2_port_setting--v6_network_setting))
- `virtual_router_id` (Number) If the 'enabled' field is set to True, this defines the virtual router ID for the LAN2 port.

<a id="nestedatt--result--lan2_port_setting--network_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.lan2_port_setting.network_setting`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value determines relative priorities for the type of services on your network. The appliance implements QoS (Quality of Service) rules based on this configuration. Valid values are from 0 to 63.
- `gateway` (String) The default gateway for the Grid Member.
- `lan_gateway` (String) LAN gateway only for GCP HA.
- `lan_subnet_mask` (String) LAN netmask only for GCP HA.
- `primary` (Boolean) Determines if the current address is the primary VLAN address or not.
- `subnet_mask` (String) The subnet mask for the Grid Member.
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `vlan_id` (Number) The identifier for the VLAN. Valid values are from 1 to 4096.


<a id="nestedatt--result--lan2_port_setting--v6_network_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.lan2_port_setting.v6_network_setting`

Optional:

- `auto_router_config_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if automatic router configuration should be enabled.
- `cidr_prefix` (Number) IPv6 cidr prefix
- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value determines relative priorities for the type of services on your network. The appliance implements QoS (Quality of Service) rules based on this configuration. Valid values are from 0 to 63.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines if IPv6 networking should be enabled.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway address.
- `primary` (Boolean) Determines if the current address is the primary VLAN address or not.
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `virtual_ip` (String) IPv6 address.
- `vlan_id` (Number) The identifier for the VLAN. Valid values are from 1 to 4096.



<a id="nestedatt--result--lom_network_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.lom_network_config`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid member.
- `gateway` (String) The default gateway for the Grid member.
- `subnet_mask` (String) The subnet mask for the Grid member.

Read-Only:

- `is_lom_capable` (Boolean) Determines if the physical node supports LOM or not.


<a id="nestedatt--result--lom_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.lom_users`

Required:

- `name` (String) The LOM user name.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The LOM user password.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment for the LOM user.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the LOM user is disabled.
- `role` (String) The LOM user role which specifies the list of actions that are allowed for the user.


<a id="nestedatt--result--mgmt_port_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.mgmt_port_setting`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines if MGMT port settings should be enabled.
- `security_access_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if security access on the MGMT port is enabled or not.
- `vpn_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if VPN on the MGMT port is enabled or not.


<a id="nestedatt--result--nat_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.nat_setting`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines if NAT should be enabled.
- `external_virtual_ip` (String) External IP address for NAT.
- `group` (String) The NAT group.


<a id="nestedatt--result--node_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.node_info`

Optional:

- `lan2_physical_setting` (Attributes) Physical port settings for the LAN2 interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--node_info--lan2_physical_setting))
- `lan_ha_port_setting` (Attributes) LAN/HA port settings for the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--node_info--lan_ha_port_setting))
- `mgmt_network_setting` (Attributes) Network settings for the MGMT port of the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--node_info--mgmt_network_setting))
- `mgmt_physical_setting` (Attributes) Physical port settings for the MGMT interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--node_info--mgmt_physical_setting))
- `nat_external_ip` (String) The NAT external IP address for the node.
- `v6_mgmt_network_setting` (Attributes) The network settings for the IPv6 MGMT port of the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--node_info--v6_mgmt_network_setting))

Read-Only:

- `ha_status` (String) Status about the node of an HA pair.
- `host_platform` (String) Host Platform
- `hwid` (String) Hardware ID.
- `hwmodel` (String) Hardware model.
- `hwtype` (String) Hardware type.
- `hypervisor` (String) Hypervisor
- `paid_nios` (Boolean) True if node is Paid NIOS.
- `physical_oid` (String) The OID of the physical node.
- `service_status` (Attributes List) The service status list of the Grid Member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--node_info--service_status))

<a id="nestedatt--result--node_info--lan2_physical_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.node_info.lan2_physical_setting`

Optional:

- `auto_port_setting_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the auto port setting.
- `duplex` (String) The port duplex; if speed is 1000, duplex must be FULL.
- `speed` (String) The port speed; if speed is 1000, duplex is FULL.


<a id="nestedatt--result--node_info--lan_ha_port_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.node_info.lan_ha_port_setting`

Optional:

- `ha_cloud_attribute` (String) HA cloud interface from cloud platform side.
- `ha_ip_address` (String) HA IP address.
- `ha_port_setting` (Attributes) Physical port settings for the HA interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--node_info--lan_ha_port_setting--ha_port_setting))
- `lan_port_setting` (Attributes) Physical port settings for the LAN interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--node_info--lan_ha_port_setting--lan_port_setting))
- `mgmt_ipv6addr` (String) Public IPv6 address for the LAN1 interface.
- `mgmt_lan` (String) Public IPv4 address for the LAN1 interface.

<a id="nestedatt--result--node_info--lan_ha_port_setting--ha_port_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.node_info.lan_ha_port_setting.ha_port_setting`

Optional:

- `auto_port_setting_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the auto port setting.
- `duplex` (String) The port duplex; if speed is 1000, duplex must be FULL.
- `speed` (String) The port speed; if speed is 1000, duplex is FULL.


<a id="nestedatt--result--node_info--lan_ha_port_setting--lan_port_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.node_info.lan_ha_port_setting.lan_port_setting`

Optional:

- `auto_port_setting_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the auto port setting.
- `duplex` (String) The port duplex; if speed is 1000, duplex must be FULL.
- `speed` (String) The port speed; if speed is 1000, duplex is FULL.



<a id="nestedatt--result--node_info--mgmt_network_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.node_info.mgmt_network_setting`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value determines relative priorities for the type of services on your network. The appliance implements QoS (Quality of Service) rules based on this configuration. Valid values are from 0 to 63.
- `gateway` (String) The default gateway for the Grid Member.
- `lan_gateway` (String) LAN gateway only for GCP HA.
- `lan_subnet_mask` (String) LAN netmask only for GCP HA.
- `primary` (Boolean) Determines if the current address is the primary VLAN address or not.
- `subnet_mask` (String) The subnet mask for the Grid Member.
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `vlan_id` (Number) The identifier for the VLAN. Valid values are from 1 to 4096.


<a id="nestedatt--result--node_info--mgmt_physical_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.node_info.mgmt_physical_setting`

Optional:

- `auto_port_setting_enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable the auto port setting.
- `duplex` (String) The port duplex; if speed is 1000, duplex must be FULL.
- `speed` (String) The port speed; if speed is 1000, duplex is FULL.


<a id="nestedatt--result--node_info--v6_mgmt_network_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.node_info.v6_mgmt_network_setting`

Optional:

- `auto_router_config_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if automatic router configuration should be enabled.
- `cidr_prefix` (Number) IPv6 cidr prefix
- `enabled` (Boolean) Determines if IPv6 networking should be enabled.
- `gateway` (String) Gateway address.
- `virtual_ip` (String) IPv6 address.

Read-Only:

- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value determines relative priorities for the type of services on your network. The appliance implements QoS (Quality of Service) rules based on this configuration. Valid values are from 0 to 63.
- `primary` (Boolean) Determines if the current address is the primary VLAN address or not.
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `vlan_id` (Number) The identifier for the VLAN. Valid values are from 1 to 4096.


<a id="nestedatt--result--node_info--service_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.node_info.service_status`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the current service status.
- `service` (String) The service identifier.
- `status` (String) The service status.



<a id="nestedatt--result--ntp_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ntp_setting`

Optional:

- `enable_external_ntp_servers` (Boolean) Determines whether the use of the external NTP servers is enabled for the member.
- `enable_ntp` (Boolean) Determines whether the NTP service is enabled on the member.
- `exclude_grid_master_ntp_server` (Boolean) Determines whether the Grid Master is excluded as an NTP server.
- `local_ntp_stratum` (Number) Vnode level local NTP stratum.
- `ntp_acl` (Attributes) The NTP access control settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_acl))
- `ntp_keys` (Attributes List) The list of NTP authentication keys used to authenticate NTP clients. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_keys))
- `ntp_kod` (Boolean) Determines whether the Kiss-o'-Death packets are enabled or disabled.
- `ntp_servers` (Attributes List) The list of NTP servers configured on a member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_servers))
- `use_default_stratum` (Boolean) Vnode level default stratum.
- `use_local_ntp_stratum` (Boolean) Override Grid level NTP stratum.
- `use_ntp_acl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ntp_acl
- `use_ntp_keys` (Boolean) Use flag for: ntp_keys
- `use_ntp_kod` (Boolean) Use flag for: ntp_kod
- `use_ntp_servers` (Boolean) Use flag for: ntp_servers

<a id="nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ntp_setting.ntp_acl`

Optional:

- `ac_list` (Attributes List) The list of NTP access control items. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_acl--ac_list))
- `acl_type` (String) The NTP access control list type.
- `named_acl` (String) The NTP access named ACL.
- `service` (String) The type of service with access control for the assigned named ACL.

<a id="nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_acl--ac_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ntp_setting.ntp_acl.ac_list`

Optional:

- `address_ac` (Attributes) The client address/network with access control. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_acl--ac_list--address_ac))
- `service` (String) The type of service with access control.

<a id="nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_acl--ac_list--address_ac"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ntp_setting.ntp_acl.ac_list.address_ac`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.




<a id="nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ntp_setting.ntp_keys`

Optional:

- `number` (Number) The NTP authentication key identifier.
- `string` (String) The NTP authentication key string.
- `type` (String) The NTP authentication key type.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ntp_setting--ntp_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ntp_setting.ntp_servers`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The NTP server IP address or FQDN.
- `burst` (Boolean) Determines whether the BURST operation mode is enabled. In BURST operating mode, when the external server is reachable and a valid source of synchronization is available, NTP sends a burst of 8 packets with a 2 second interval between packets.
- `enable_authentication` (Boolean) Determines whether the NTP authentication is enabled.
- `iburst` (Boolean) Determines whether the IBURST operation mode is enabled. In IBURST operating mode, when the external server is unreachable, NTP server sends a burst of 8 packets with a 2 second interval between packets.
- `ntp_key_number` (Number) The NTP authentication key number.
- `preferred` (Boolean) Determines whether the NTP server is a preferred one or not.



<a id="nestedatt--result--ospf_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ospf_list`

Required:

- `area_id` (String) The area ID value of the OSPF settings.
- `authentication_type` (String) The authentication type used for the OSPF advertisement.
- `auto_calc_cost_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if auto calculate cost is enabled or not.
- `interface` (String) The interface that sends out OSPF advertisement information.
- `is_ipv4` (Boolean) The OSPF protocol version. Specify "true" if the IPv4 version of OSPF is used, or "false" if the IPv6 version of OSPF is used.

Optional:

- `advertise_interface_vlan` (String) The VLAN used as the advertising interface for sending OSPF announcements.
- `area_type` (String) The OSPF area type.
- `authentication_key` (String) The authentication password to use for OSPF. The authentication key is valid only when authentication type is "SIMPLE" or "MESSAGE_DIGEST".
- `bfd_template` (String) Determines BFD template name.
- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment of the OSPF configuration.
- `cost` (Number) The cost metric associated with the OSPF advertisement.
- `dead_interval` (Number) The dead interval value of OSPF (in seconds). The dead interval describes the time to wait before declaring the device is unavailable and down.
- `enable_bfd` (Boolean) Determines if the BFD is enabled or not.
- `enable_bfd_dnscheck` (Boolean) Determines if BFD internal DNS monitor is enabled or not.
- `hello_interval` (Number) The hello interval value of OSPF. The hello interval specifies how often to send OSPF hello advertisement, in seconds.
- `key_id` (Number) The hash key identifier to use for "MESSAGE_DIGEST" authentication. The hash key identifier is valid only when authentication type is "MESSAGE_DIGEST".
- `retransmit_interval` (Number) The retransmit interval time of OSPF (in seconds). The retransmit interval describes the time to wait before retransmitting OSPF advertisement.
- `transmit_delay` (Number) The transmit delay value of OSPF (in seconds). The transmit delay describes the time to wait before sending an advertisement.


<a id="nestedatt--result--pre_provisioning"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.pre_provisioning`

Required:

- `licenses` (List of String) An array of license types the pre-provisioned member should have in order to join the Grid, or the licenses that must be allocated to the member when it joins the Grid using the token-based authentication.

Optional:

- `hardware_info` (Attributes List) An array of structures that describe the hardware being pre-provisioned. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--pre_provisioning--hardware_info))

<a id="nestedatt--result--pre_provisioning--hardware_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.pre_provisioning.hardware_info`

Required:

- `hwtype` (String) Hardware type.



<a id="nestedatt--result--snmp_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.snmp_setting`

Optional:

- `queries_community_string` (String) The community string for SNMP queries.
- `queries_enable` (Boolean) If set to True, SNMP queries are enabled.
- `snmpv3_queries_enable` (Boolean) If set to True, SNMPv3 queries are enabled.
- `snmpv3_queries_users` (Attributes List) A list of SNMPv3 queries users. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--snmp_setting--snmpv3_queries_users))
- `snmpv3_traps_enable` (Boolean) If set to True, SNMPv3 traps are enabled.
- `syscontact` (List of String) The name of the contact person for the appliance. Second value is applicable only for HA pair. Otherwise second value is ignored.
- `sysdescr` (List of String) Useful information about the appliance. Second value is applicable only for HA pair. Otherwise second value is ignored.
- `syslocation` (List of String) The physical location of the appliance. Second value is applicable only for HA pair. Otherwise second value is ignored.
- `sysname` (List of String) The FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) of the appliance. Second value is applicable only for HA pair. Otherwise second value is ignored.
- `trap_receivers` (Attributes List) A list of trap receivers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--snmp_setting--trap_receivers))
- `traps_community_string` (String) A string the NIOS appliance sends to the management system together with its traps. Note that this community string must match exactly what you enter in the management system.
- `traps_enable` (Boolean) If set to True, SNMP traps are enabled.

Read-Only:

- `engine_id` (List of String) The engine ID of the appliance that manages the SNMP agent.

<a id="nestedatt--result--snmp_setting--snmpv3_queries_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.snmp_setting.snmpv3_queries_users`

Optional:

- `user` (String) The SNMPv3 user.

Read-Only:

- `authentication_protocol` (String) The authentication protocol to be used for this user.
- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment for the SNMPv3 User.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if SNMPv3 user is disabled or not.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `name` (String) The name of the user.
- `privacy_protocol` (String) The privacy protocol to be used for this user.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the SNMPv3 user object


<a id="nestedatt--result--snmp_setting--trap_receivers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.snmp_setting.trap_receivers`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address of the trap receiver.
- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment for this trap receiver.
- `user` (String) The SNMPv3 user for this trap receiver.



<a id="nestedatt--result--static_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.static_routes`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `gateway` (String) The default gateway for the Grid Member.
- `subnet_mask` (String) The subnet mask for the Grid Member.

Read-Only:

- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value determines relative priorities for the type of services on your network. The appliance implements QoS (Quality of Service) rules based on this configuration. Valid values are from 0 to 63.
- `lan_gateway` (String) LAN gateway only for GCP HA.
- `lan_subnet_mask` (String) LAN netmask only for GCP HA.
- `primary` (Boolean) Determines if the current address is the primary VLAN address or not.
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `vlan_id` (Number) The identifier for the VLAN. Valid values are from 1 to 4096.


<a id="nestedatt--result--syslog_proxy_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.syslog_proxy_setting`

Optional:

- `client_acls` (Attributes List) This list controls the IP addresses and networks that are allowed to access the syslog proxy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--syslog_proxy_setting--client_acls))
- `enable` (Boolean) If set to True, the member receives syslog messages from specified devices, such as syslog servers and routers, and then forwards these messages to an external syslog server.
- `tcp_enable` (Boolean) If set to True, the appliance can receive messages from other devices via TCP.
- `tcp_port` (Number) The TCP port the appliance must listen on.
- `udp_enable` (Boolean) If set to True, the appliance can receive messages from other devices via UDP.
- `udp_port` (Number) The UDP port the appliance must listen on.

<a id="nestedatt--result--syslog_proxy_setting--client_acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.syslog_proxy_setting.client_acls`

Required:

- `struct` (String) The struct type of the object. The value must be one of 'addressac' and 'tsigac'.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key. If the external primary server is a NIOS appliance running DNS One 2.x code, this can be set to :2xCOMPAT.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The name of the TSIG key. If 2.x TSIG compatibility is used, this is set to 'tsig_xfer' on retrieval, and ignored on insert or update.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name



<a id="nestedatt--result--syslog_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.syslog_servers`

Required:

- `address_or_fqdn` (String) The server address or FQDN.

Optional:

- `category_list` (List of String) The list of all syslog logging categories.
- `certificate_file_path` (String) The file path to the certificate.
- `certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop.
- `connection_type` (String) The connection type for communicating with this server.
- `local_interface` (String) The local interface through which the appliance sends syslog messages to the syslog server.
- `message_node_id` (String) Identify the node in the syslog message.
- `message_source` (String) The source of syslog messages to be sent to the external syslog server. If set to 'INTERNAL', only messages the appliance generates will be sent to the syslog server. If set to 'EXTERNAL', the appliance sends syslog messages that it receives from other devices, such as syslog servers and routers. If set to 'ANY', the appliance sends both internal and external syslog messages.
- `only_category_list` (Boolean) The list of selected syslog logging categories. The appliance forwards syslog messages that belong to the selected categories.
- `port` (Number) The port this server listens on.
- `severity` (String) The severity filter. The appliance sends log messages of the specified severity and above to the external syslog server.

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) Reference to the underlying X509Certificate object grid:x509certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--result--threshold_traps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.threshold_traps`

Optional:

- `trap_reset` (Number) Determines the threshold value to reset the trap.
- `trap_trigger` (Number) Determines the threshold value to trigger the trap.
- `trap_type` (String) Determines the type of a given trap.


<a id="nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_auth_dns_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.traffic_capture_auth_dns_setting`

Optional:

- `auth_dns_latency_listen_on_ip` (String) The DNS listen-on IP address used if auth_dns_latency_on_source is IP.
- `auth_dns_latency_listen_on_source` (String) The local IP DNS service is listen on (for authoritative DNS latency trigger).
- `auth_dns_latency_reset` (Number) Authoritative DNS latency above which traffic capture will be stopped.
- `auth_dns_latency_threshold` (Number) Authoritative DNS latency below which traffic capture will be triggered.
- `auth_dns_latency_trigger_enable` (Boolean) Enabling trigger automated traffic capture based on authoritative DNS latency.


<a id="nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_chr_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.traffic_capture_chr_setting`

Optional:

- `chr_min_cache_utilization` (Number) Minimum DNS cache utilization threshold(%) for triggering traffic capture based on DNS cache hit ratio.
- `chr_reset` (Number) DNS Cache hit ratio threshold(%) above which traffic capture will be triggered.
- `chr_threshold` (Number) DNS Cache hit ratio threshold(%) below which traffic capture will be triggered.
- `chr_trigger_enable` (Boolean) Enable triggering automated traffic capture based on cache hit ratio thresholds.


<a id="nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_qps_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.traffic_capture_qps_setting`

Optional:

- `qps_reset` (Number) DNS queries per second threshold below which traffic capture will be stopped.
- `qps_threshold` (Number) DNS queries per second threshold below which traffic capture will be triggered.
- `qps_trigger_enable` (Boolean) Enable triggering automated traffic capture based on DNS queries per second threshold.


<a id="nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_rec_dns_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.traffic_capture_rec_dns_setting`

Optional:

- `kpi_monitored_domains` (Attributes List) List of domains monitored by 'Recursive DNS Latency Threshold' trigger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_rec_dns_setting--kpi_monitored_domains))
- `rec_dns_latency_listen_on_ip` (String) The DNS listen-on IP address used if rec_dns_latency_listen_on_source is IP.
- `rec_dns_latency_listen_on_source` (String) The local IP DNS service is listen on ( for recursive DNS latency trigger).
- `rec_dns_latency_reset` (Number) Recursive DNS latency above which traffic capture will be stopped.
- `rec_dns_latency_threshold` (Number) Recursive DNS latency below which traffic capture will be triggered.
- `rec_dns_latency_trigger_enable` (Boolean) Enable triggering automated traffic capture based on recursive DNS latency.

<a id="nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_rec_dns_setting--kpi_monitored_domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.traffic_capture_rec_dns_setting.kpi_monitored_domains`

Optional:

- `domain_name` (String) Domain name (FQDN to Query).
- `record_type` (String) Record type(record to query).



<a id="nestedatt--result--traffic_capture_rec_queries_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.traffic_capture_rec_queries_setting`

Optional:

- `recursive_clients_count_reset` (Number) Concurrent outgoing recursive queries count below which traffic capture will be stopped.
- `recursive_clients_count_threshold` (Number) Concurrent outgoing recursive queries count below which traffic capture will be triggered.
- `recursive_clients_count_trigger_enable` (Boolean) Enable triggering automated traffic capture based on outgoing recursive queries count.


<a id="nestedatt--result--trap_notifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.trap_notifications`

Optional:

- `enable_email` (Boolean) Determines if the email notifications for the given trap are enabled or not.
- `enable_trap` (Boolean) Determines if the trap is enabled or not.
- `trap_type` (String) Determines the type of a given trap.


<a id="nestedatt--result--vip_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.vip_setting`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `dscp` (Number) The DSCP (Differentiated Services Code Point) value determines relative priorities for the type of services on your network. The appliance implements QoS (Quality of Service) rules based on this configuration. Valid values are from 0 to 63.
- `gateway` (String) The default gateway for the Grid Member.
- `lan_gateway` (String) LAN gateway only for GCP HA.
- `lan_subnet_mask` (String) LAN netmask only for GCP HA.
- `primary` (Boolean) Determines if the current address is the primary VLAN address or not.
- `subnet_mask` (String) The subnet mask for the Grid Member.
- `use_dscp` (Boolean) Use flag for: dscp
- `vlan_id` (Number) The identifier for the VLAN. Valid values are from 1 to 4096.


<a id="nestedatt--result--member_service_communication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.member_service_communication`

Read-Only:

- `option` (String) The option for communication type.
- `service` (String) The service for a Grid member.
- `type` (String) Communication type.


<a id="nestedatt--result--service_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.service_status`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the current service status.
- `service` (String) The service identifier.
- `status` (String) The service status.
