---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_ipam_ipv6network Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "IPAM"
description: |-
  Retrieves Information about existing IPv6 Network
---

# nios_ipam_ipv6network (Data Source)

Retrieves Information about existing IPv6 Network

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific IPAM IPv6 network using filters
data "nios_ipam_ipv6network" "get_ipv6network_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    network = "10::/64"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific IPAM IPv6 networks using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_ipam_ipv6network" "get_ipv6network_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all IPAM IPv6 networks
data "nios_ipam_ipv6network" "get_all_ipv6networks" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `auto_create_reversezone` (Boolean) This flag controls whether reverse zones are automatically created when the network is added.
- `cloud_info` (Attributes) Structure containing all cloud API related information for this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info))
- `comment` (String) Comment for the network; maximum 256 characters.
- `ddns_domainname` (String) The dynamic DNS domain name the appliance uses specifically for DDNS updates for this network.
- `ddns_enable_option_fqdn` (Boolean) Use this method to set or retrieve the ddns_enable_option_fqdn flag of a DHCP IPv6 Network object. This method controls whether the FQDN option sent by the client is to be used, or if the server can automatically generate the FQDN. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.
- `ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) If this field is set to True, the DHCP server generates a hostname and updates DNS with it when the DHCP client request does not contain a hostname.
- `ddns_server_always_updates` (Boolean) This field controls whether only the DHCP server is allowed to update DNS, regardless of the DHCP clients requests. Note that changes for this field take effect only if ddns_enable_option_fqdn is True.
- `ddns_ttl` (Number) The DNS update Time to Live (TTL) value of a DHCP network object. The TTL is a 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `delete_reason` (String) The reason for deleting the RIR registration request.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a network is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the network is enabled.
- `discovered_bridge_domain` (String) Discovered bridge domain.
- `discovered_tenant` (String) Discovered tenant.
- `discovery_basic_poll_settings` (Attributes) The discovery basic poll settings for this network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--discovery_basic_poll_settings))
- `discovery_blackout_setting` (Attributes) The discovery blackout setting for this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--discovery_blackout_setting))
- `discovery_member` (String) The member that will run discovery for this network.
- `domain_name` (String) Use this method to set or retrieve the domain_name value of a DHCP IPv6 Network object.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) Use this method to set or retrieve the dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP IPv6 Network object. The DHCP server can send DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid and to external DNS servers. This setting overrides the member level settings.
- `enable_ddns` (Boolean) The dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP IPv6 network object. If set to True, the DHCP server sends DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid, and to external DNS servers.
- `enable_discovery` (Boolean) Determines whether a discovery is enabled or not for this network. When this is set to False, the network discovery is disabled.
- `enable_ifmap_publishing` (Boolean) Determines if IFMAP publishing is enabled for the network.
- `enable_immediate_discovery` (Boolean) Determines if the discovery for the network should be immediately enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `federated_realms` (Attributes List) This field contains the federated realms associated to this network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--federated_realms))
- `func_call` (Attributes) A function call to be executed on the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--func_call))
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on this IPv6 network. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the DHCPv6 configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--logic_filter_rules))
- `members` (Attributes List) A list of members servers that serve DHCP for the network. All members in the array must be of the same type. The struct type must be indicated in each element, by setting the "_struct" member to the struct type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--members))
- `mgm_private` (Boolean) This field controls whether this object is synchronized with the Multi-Grid Master. If this field is set to True, objects are not synchronized.
- `network` (String) The IPv6 network address in CIDR notation. The network address must be unique within the network view.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which this network resides.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--options))
- `port_control_blackout_setting` (Attributes) The port control blackout setting for this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--port_control_blackout_setting))
- `preferred_lifetime` (Number) Use this method to set or retrieve the preferred lifetime value of a DHCP IPv6 Network object.
- `recycle_leases` (Boolean) If the field is set to True, the leases are kept in the Recycle Bin until one week after expiration. Otherwise, the leases are permanently deleted.
- `restart_if_needed` (Boolean) Restarts the member service.
- `rir_organization` (String) The RIR organization associated with the IPv6 network.
- `rir_registration_action` (String) The RIR registration action.
- `rir_registration_status` (String) The registration status of the IPv6 network in RIR.
- `same_port_control_discovery_blackout` (Boolean) If the field is set to True, the discovery blackout setting will be used for port control blackout setting.
- `send_rir_request` (Boolean) Determines whether to send the RIR registration request.
- `subscribe_settings` (Attributes) The DHCP IPv6 Network Cisco ISE subscribe settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--subscribe_settings))
- `template` (String) If set on creation, the network is created according to the values specified in the selected template.
- `unmanaged` (Boolean) Determines whether the DHCP IPv6 Network is unmanaged or not.
- `update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) This field controls whether the DHCP server updates DNS when a DHCP lease is renewed.
- `use_blackout_setting` (Boolean) Use flag for: discovery_blackout_setting , port_control_blackout_setting, same_port_control_discovery_blackout
- `use_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_domainname
- `use_ddns_enable_option_fqdn` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_enable_option_fqdn
- `use_ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_generate_hostname
- `use_ddns_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_ttl
- `use_discovery_basic_polling_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: discovery_basic_poll_settings
- `use_domain_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name
- `use_domain_name_servers` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name_servers
- `use_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ddns
- `use_enable_discovery` (Boolean) Use flag for: discovery_member , enable_discovery
- `use_enable_ifmap_publishing` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ifmap_publishing
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_mgm_private` (Boolean) Use flag for: mgm_private
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_preferred_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: preferred_lifetime
- `use_recycle_leases` (Boolean) Use flag for: recycle_leases
- `use_subscribe_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: subscribe_settings
- `use_update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) Use flag for: update_dns_on_lease_renewal
- `use_valid_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: valid_lifetime
- `use_zone_associations` (Boolean) Use flag for: zone_associations
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) Use this method to set or retrieve the valid lifetime value of a DHCP IPv6 Network object.
- `vlans` (Attributes List) List of VLANs assigned to Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--vlans))
- `zone_associations` (Attributes List) The list of zones associated with this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--zone_associations))

Read-Only:

- `discover_now_status` (String) Discover now status for this network.
- `discovered_bgp_as` (String) Number of the discovered BGP AS. When multiple BGP autonomous systems are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vlan_id` (String) The identifier of the discovered VLAN. When multiple VLANs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vlan_name` (String) The name of the discovered VLAN. When multiple VLANs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vrf_description` (String) Description of the discovered VRF. When multiple VRFs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vrf_name` (String) The name of the discovered VRF. When multiple VRFs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vrf_rd` (String) Route distinguisher of the discovered VRF. When multiple VRFs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovery_engine_type` (String) The network discovery engine type.
- `endpoint_sources` (List of String) The endpoints that provides data for the DHCP IPv6 Network object.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `last_rir_registration_update_sent` (Number) The timestamp when the last RIR registration update was sent.
- `last_rir_registration_update_status` (String) Last RIR registration update status.
- `mgm_private_overridable` (Boolean) This field is assumed to be True unless filled by any conforming objects, such as Network, IPv6 Network, Network Container, IPv6 Network Container, and Network View. This value is set to False if mgm_private is set to True in the parent object.
- `ms_ad_user_data` (Attributes) The Microsoft Active Directory user related information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ms_ad_user_data))
- `network_container` (String) The network container to which this network belongs, if any.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `rir` (String) The registry (RIR) that allocated the IPv6 network address space.
- `unmanaged_count` (Number) The number of unmanaged IP addresses as discovered by network discovery.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info`

Optional:

- `delegated_member` (Attributes) Contains information about the delegated member of the object. This is not set if the object is not delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member))

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info.delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name



<a id="nestedatt--result--discovery_basic_poll_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.discovery_basic_poll_settings`

Optional:

- `auto_arp_refresh_before_switch_port_polling` (Boolean) Determines whether auto ARP refresh before switch port polling is enabled or not.
- `cli_collection` (Boolean) Determines whether CLI collection is enabled or not.
- `complete_ping_sweep` (Boolean) Determines whether complete ping sweep is enabled or not.
- `credential_group` (String) Credential group.
- `device_profile` (Boolean) Determines whether device profile is enabled or not.
- `netbios_scanning` (Boolean) Determines whether netbios scanning is enabled or not.
- `polling_frequency_modifier` (String) Polling Frequency Modifier.
- `port_scanning` (Boolean) Determines whether port scanning is enabled or not.
- `smart_subnet_ping_sweep` (Boolean) Determines whether smart subnet ping sweep is enabled or not.
- `snmp_collection` (Boolean) Determines whether SNMP collection is enabled or not.
- `switch_port_data_collection_polling` (String) A switch port data collection polling mode.
- `switch_port_data_collection_polling_interval` (Number) Indicates the interval for switch port data collection polling.
- `switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule` (Attributes) A switch port data collection polling schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--discovery_basic_poll_settings--switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule))
- `use_global_polling_frequency_modifier` (Boolean) Use Global Polling Frequency Modifier.

<a id="nestedatt--result--discovery_basic_poll_settings--switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.discovery_basic_poll_settings.switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--result--discovery_blackout_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.discovery_blackout_setting`

Optional:

- `blackout_duration` (Number) The blackout duration in seconds; minimum value is 1 minute.
- `blackout_schedule` (Attributes) A Schedule Setting struct that determines blackout schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--discovery_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule))
- `enable_blackout` (Boolean) Determines whether a blackout is enabled or not.

<a id="nestedatt--result--discovery_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.discovery_blackout_setting.blackout_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--result--federated_realms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.federated_realms`

Required:

- `id` (String) The federated realm id
- `name` (String) The federated realm name


<a id="nestedatt--result--func_call"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.func_call`

Required:

- `attribute_name` (String) The attribute to be called.

Optional:

- `object` (String) The object to be called.
- `object_function` (String) The function to be called.
- `object_parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the object.
- `parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the function.
- `result_field` (String) The result field of the function.


<a id="nestedatt--result--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--result--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.members`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name


<a id="nestedatt--result--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.


<a id="nestedatt--result--port_control_blackout_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.port_control_blackout_setting`

Optional:

- `blackout_duration` (Number) The blackout duration in seconds; minimum value is 1 minute.
- `blackout_schedule` (Attributes) A Schedule Setting struct that determines blackout schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--port_control_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule))
- `enable_blackout` (Boolean) Determines whether a blackout is enabled or not.

<a id="nestedatt--result--port_control_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.port_control_blackout_setting.blackout_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--result--subscribe_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.subscribe_settings`

Optional:

- `enabled_attributes` (List of String) The list of Cisco ISE attributes allowed for subscription.
- `mapped_ea_attributes` (Attributes List) The list of NIOS extensible attributes to Cisco ISE attributes mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--result--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.subscribe_settings.mapped_ea_attributes`

Optional:

- `mapped_ea` (String) The name of the extensible attribute definition object the Cisco ISE attribute that is enabled for subscription is mapped on.
- `name` (String) The Cisco ISE attribute name that is enabled for publishsing from a Cisco ISE endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--result--vlans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.vlans`

Optional:

- `vlan` (Map of String) Reference to the underlying StaticVlan object vlan.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) VLAN ID value.
- `name` (String) Name of the VLAN.


<a id="nestedatt--result--zone_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.zone_associations`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN of the authoritative forward zone.

Optional:

- `is_default` (Boolean) True if this is the default zone.
- `view` (String) The view to which the zone belongs. If a view is not specified, the default view is used.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ms_ad_user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ms_ad_user_data`

Read-Only:

- `active_users_count` (Number) The number of active users.
