---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_ipam_vlan Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "IPAM"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Vlan objects.
---

# nios_ipam_vlan (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Vlan objects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific IPAM Vlan by filters
data "nios_ipam_vlan" "get_ipam_vlan_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_vlan"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific IPAM Vlan using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_" "get__using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all IPAM Vlans
data "nios_ipam_vlan" "get_all_ipam_vlan" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `id` (Number) VLAN ID value.
- `name` (String) Name of the VLAN.
- `parent` (String) The VLAN View or VLAN Range to which this VLAN belongs.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment for this VLAN.
- `contact` (String) Contact information for person/team managing or using VLAN.
- `department` (String) Department where VLAN is used.
- `description` (String) Description for the VLAN object, may be potentially used for longer VLAN names.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `reserved` (Boolean) When set VLAN can only be assigned to IPAM object manually.

Read-Only:

- `assigned_to` (List of String) List of objects VLAN is assigned to.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `status` (String) Status of VLAN object. Can be Assigned, Unassigned, Reserved.
