---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_ipam_vlanrange Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "IPAM"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Vlan Ranges.
---

# nios_ipam_vlanrange (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Vlan Ranges.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific IPAM Vlan Range by filters
data "nios_ipam_vlanrange" "get_ipam_vlanrange_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_vlan_range"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific IPAM Vlan Ranges using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_" "get_ipam_vlanranges_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all IPAM Vlan Ranges
data "nios_ipam_vlanrange" "get_all_ipam_vlanranges" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `end_vlan_id` (Number) End ID for VLAN Range.
- `name` (String) Name of the VLAN Range.
- `start_vlan_id` (Number) Start ID for VLAN Range.
- `vlan_view` (String) The VLAN View to which this VLAN Range belongs.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment for this VLAN Range.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `pre_create_vlan` (Boolean) If set on creation VLAN objects will be created once VLAN Range created.
- `vlan_name_prefix` (String) If set on creation prefix string will be used for VLAN name.

Read-Only:

- `delete_vlans` (Boolean) Vlans delete option. Determines whether all child objects should be removed alongside with the VLAN Range or child objects should be assigned to another parental VLAN Range/View. By default child objects are re-parented.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
