---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_ipam_vlanview Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "IPAM"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing VLAN Views.
---

# nios_ipam_vlanview (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing VLAN Views.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific IPAM Vlan View by filters
data "nios_ipam_vlanview" "get_ipam_vlanview_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_vlan_view"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific IPAM Vlan Views using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_" "get_ipam_vlanview_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all IPAM Vlan Views
data "nios_ipam_vlanview" "get_all_ipam_vlanview" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `end_vlan_id` (Number) End ID for VLAN View.
- `name` (String) Name of the VLAN View.
- `start_vlan_id` (Number) Start ID for VLAN View.

Optional:

- `allow_range_overlapping` (Boolean) When set to true VLAN Ranges under VLAN View can have overlapping ID.
- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment for this VLAN View.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `pre_create_vlan` (Boolean) If set on creation VLAN objects will be created once VLAN View created.
- `vlan_name_prefix` (String) If set on creation prefix string will be used for VLAN name.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
