---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_ipam_superhost Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "IPAM"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Super Hosts
---

# nios_ipam_superhost (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Super Hosts

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific IPAM Super Host by filters
data "nios_ipam_superhost" "get_ipam_super_host_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_super_host"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific IPAM Super Hosts using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_ipam_superhost" "get_ipam_super_host_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all IPAM Super Hosts
data "nios_ipam_superhost" "get_all_ipam_superhosts" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Super Host.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The comment for Super Host.
- `delete_associated_objects` (Boolean) True if we have to delete all DNS/DHCP associated objects with Super Host, false by default.
- `dhcp_associated_objects` (List of String) A list of DHCP objects refs which are associated with Super Host.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Disable all DNS/DHCP associated objects with Super Host if True, False by default.
- `dns_associated_objects` (List of String) A list of object refs of the DNS resource records which are associated with Super Host.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
