---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_microsoft_mssuperscope Data Source - nios"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Mssuperscope objects.
---

# nios_microsoft_mssuperscope (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Mssuperscope objects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Microsoft Super Scope by filters
data "nios_microsoft_mssuperscope" "get_microsoft_mssuperscope_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_mssuperscope"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific microsoft Microsoft Super Scopes using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_microsoft_mssuperscope" "get_microsoft_mssuperscopes_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Microsoft Super Scopes
data "nios_microsoft_mssuperscope" "get_all_microsoft_mssuperscopes" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the Microsoft DHCP superscope.
- `ranges` (List of String) The list of DHCP ranges that are associated with the superscope.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The superscope descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the superscope is disabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which the superscope resides.

Read-Only:

- `dhcp_utilization` (Number) The percentage of the total DHCP usage of the ranges in the superscope.
- `dhcp_utilization_status` (String) Utilization level of the DHCP range objects that belong to the superscope.
- `dynamic_hosts` (Number) The total number of DHCP leases issued for the DHCP range objects that belong to the superscope.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `high_water_mark` (Number) The percentage value for DHCP range usage after which an alarm will be active.
- `high_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage value for DHCP range usage after which an alarm will be reset.
- `low_water_mark` (Number) The percentage value for DHCP range usage below which an alarm will be active.
- `low_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage value for DHCP range usage below which an alarm will be reset.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `static_hosts` (Number) The number of static DHCP addresses configured in DHCP range objects that belong to the superscope.
- `total_hosts` (Number) The total number of DHCP addresses configured in DHCP range objects that belong to the superscope.
