---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_misc_dxl_endpoint Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "MISC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DxlEndpoints.
---

# nios_misc_dxl_endpoint (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DxlEndpoints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DXL Endpoint by filters
data "nios_misc_dxl_endpoint" "get_dxl_endpoint_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name                 = "example-dxl-endpoint"
    outbound_member_type = "GM"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DXL Endpoints using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_misc_dxl_endpoint" "get_dxl_endpoint_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DXL Endpoints
data "nios_misc_dxl_endpoint" "get_all_dxl_endpoints" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a DXL endpoint.
- `outbound_member_type` (String) The outbound member that will generate events.

Optional:

- `brokers` (Attributes List) The list of DXL endpoint brokers. Note that you cannot specify brokers and brokers_import_token at the same time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--brokers))
- `brokers_import_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for a DXL broker configuration file. Note that you cannot specify brokers and brokers_import_token at the same time.
- `client_certificate_file` (String) The file path for the DXL endpoint client certificate.
- `comment` (String) The comment of a DXL endpoint.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a DXL endpoint is disabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `log_level` (String) The log level for a DXL endpoint.
- `outbound_members` (List of String) The list of members for outbound events.
- `template_instance` (Attributes) The DXL template instance. You cannot change the parameters of the DXL endpoint template instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--template_instance))
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout of session management (in seconds).
- `topics` (List of String) DXL topics
- `vendor_identifier` (String) The vendor identifier.
- `wapi_user_name` (String) The user name for WAPI integration.
- `wapi_user_password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for WAPI integration.

Read-Only:

- `client_certificate_subject` (String) The client certificate subject of a DXL endpoint.
- `client_certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for a DXL endpoint client certificate.
- `client_certificate_valid_from` (Number) The timestamp when client certificate for a DXL endpoint was created.
- `client_certificate_valid_to` (Number) The timestamp when the client certificate for a DXL endpoint expires.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--brokers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.brokers`

Required:

- `host_name` (String) The FQDN for the DXL endpoint broker.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address for the DXL endpoint broker.
- `port` (Number) The communication port for the DXL endpoint broker.
- `unique_id` (String) The unique identifier for the DXL endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--result--template_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.template_instance`

Required:

- `template` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) The notification REST template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--template_instance--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--result--template_instance--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.template_instance.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.
- `syntax` (String) The syntax of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the REST API template parameter.

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the REST API template parameter.
