---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_misc_ruleset Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "MISC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing rulesets.
---

# nios_misc_ruleset (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing rulesets.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific ruleset by filters
data "nios_misc_ruleset" "get_ruleset_by_name" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_ruleset_1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all rulesets
data "nios_misc_ruleset" "get_all_rulesets" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of this Ruleset object.
- `type` (String) The type of this Ruleset object.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Descriptive comment about the Ruleset object.
- `disabled` (Boolean) The flag that indicates if the Ruleset object is disabled.
- `nxdomain_rules` (Attributes List) The list of Rules assigned to this Ruleset object. Rules can be set only when the Ruleset type is set to "NXDOMAIN". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--nxdomain_rules))

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--nxdomain_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.nxdomain_rules`

Optional:

- `action` (String) The action to perform when a domain name matches the pattern defined in this Ruleset.
- `pattern` (String) The pattern that is used to match the domain name.
