---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_misc_syslog_endpoint Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "MISC"
description: |-
  
---

# nios_misc_syslog_endpoint (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Syslog Endpoint by filters
data "nios_misc_syslog_endpoint" "get_syslog_endpoint_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "syslogendpoint1"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific Syslog Endpoint using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_misc_syslog_endpoint" "get_syslog_endpoint_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Syslog Endpoints
data "nios_misc_syslog_endpoint" "get_all_syslog_endpoints" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a Syslog endpoint.
- `outbound_member_type` (String) The outbound member that will generate events.

Optional:

- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `log_level` (String) The log level for a notification REST endpoint.
- `outbound_members` (List of String) The list of members for outbound events.
- `syslog_servers` (Attributes List) List of syslog servers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--syslog_servers))
- `template_instance` (Attributes) The Syslog template instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--template_instance))
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout of session management (in seconds).
- `vendor_identifier` (String) The vendor identifier.
- `wapi_user_name` (String) The user name for WAPI integration.
- `wapi_user_password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for WAPI integration.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--syslog_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.syslog_servers`

Required:

- `address` (String) Syslog Server IP address

Optional:

- `certificate_file_path` (String) The file path to the certificate.
- `connection_type` (String) Connection type values
- `facility` (String) Facility values for syslog endpoint server
- `format` (String) Format vlues for syslog endpoint server
- `hostname` (String) List of hostnames
- `port` (Number) The port this server listens on.
- `severity` (String) Severity values for syslog endpoint server.

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) Reference for creating sysog endpoint server.
- `certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop.


<a id="nestedatt--result--template_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.template_instance`

Required:

- `template` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) The notification REST template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--template_instance--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--result--template_instance--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.template_instance.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.
- `syntax` (String) The syntax of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the REST API template parameter.

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the REST API template parameter.
