---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_misc_tftpfiledir Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "MISC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing TFTP file/directory objects.
---

# nios_misc_tftpfiledir (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing TFTP file/directory objects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific TFTP file/directory object by filters
data "nios_misc_tftpfiledir" "get_misc_tftpfiledir_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "NAME_REPLACE_ME"
    type = "TYPE_REPLACE_ME"
  }
}

// Retrieve all TFTP file/directory objects
data "nios_misc_tftpfiledir" "get_all_misc_tftpfiledir" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The TFTP directory or file name.
- `type` (String) The type of TFTP file system entity (directory or file).

Optional:

- `directory` (String) The path to the directory that contains file or subdirectory.
- `vtftp_dir_members` (Attributes List) The replication members with TFTP client addresses where this virtual folder is applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--vtftp_dir_members))

Read-Only:

- `is_synced_to_gm` (Boolean) Determines whether the TFTP entity is synchronized to Grid Master.
- `last_modify` (Number) The time when the file or directory was last modified.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--vtftp_dir_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.vtftp_dir_members`

Required:

- `ip_type` (String) The IP type of the virtual TFTP root directory.
- `member` (String) The Grid member on which to create the virtual TFTP directory.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IP address of the clients which will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
- `cidr` (Number) The CIDR of network the clients from which will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
- `end_address` (String) The end IP address of the range within which the clients will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
- `network` (String) The IP address of network the clients from which will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
- `start_address` (String) The start IP address of the range within which the clients will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
