---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "MISC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Pxgrid Endpoints.
---

# nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Pxgrid Endpoints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Pxgrid Endpoint by filters
data "nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint" "get_misc_pxgrid_endpoint_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    address              = "10.0.0.0"
    name                 = "example_pxgrid_endpoint"
    outbound_member_type = "GM"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific Pxgrid Endpoints using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint" "get_misc_pxgrid_endpoints_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Pxgrid Endpoints
data "nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint" "get_all_misc_pxgrid_endpoints" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `address` (String) The pxgrid endpoint IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address or Fully-Qualified Domain Name (FQDN)
- `name` (String) The name of the pxgrid endpoint.
- `outbound_member_type` (String) The outbound member that will generate events.
- `subscribe_settings` (Attributes) The Cisco ISE subscribe settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--subscribe_settings))

Optional:

- `client_certificate_file` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for a notification REST endpoit client certificate.
- `comment` (String) The Cisco ISE endpoint descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a Cisco ISE endpoint is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the Cisco ISE endpoint is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `log_level` (String) The log level for a notification pxgrid endpoint.
- `network_view` (String) The pxgrid network view name.
- `outbound_members` (List of String) The list of members for outbound events.
- `publish_settings` (Attributes) The Cisco ISE publish settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--publish_settings))
- `template_instance` (Attributes) The Pxgrid template instance. You cannot change the parameters of the pxgrid endpoint template instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--template_instance))
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout of session management (in seconds).
- `vendor_identifier` (String) The vendor identifier.
- `wapi_user_name` (String) The user name for WAPI integration.
- `wapi_user_password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for WAPI integration.

Read-Only:

- `client_certificate_subject` (String) The Cisco ISE client certificate subject.
- `client_certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for Cisco ISE client certificate.
- `client_certificate_valid_from` (Number) The pxgrid endpoint client certificate valid from.
- `client_certificate_valid_to` (Number) The pxgrid endpoint client certificate valid to.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--subscribe_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.subscribe_settings`

Required:

- `enabled_attributes` (List of String) The list of Cisco ISE attributes allowed for subscription.

Optional:

- `mapped_ea_attributes` (Attributes List) The list of NIOS extensible attributes to Cisco ISE attributes mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--result--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.subscribe_settings.mapped_ea_attributes`

Required:

- `mapped_ea` (String) The name of the extensible attribute definition object the Cisco ISE attribute that is enabled for subscription is mapped on.
- `name` (String) The Cisco ISE attribute name that is enabled for publishsing from a Cisco ISE endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--result--publish_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.publish_settings`

Required:

- `enabled_attributes` (List of String) The list of NIOS extensible attributes enalbed for publishsing to Cisco ISE endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--result--template_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.template_instance`

Required:

- `template` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) The notification REST template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--template_instance--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--result--template_instance--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.template_instance.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.
- `syntax` (String) The syntax of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the REST API template parameter.

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the REST API template parameter.
