---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_notification_rest_endpoint Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "NOTIFICATION"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Notification REST Endpoints.
---

# nios_notification_rest_endpoint (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Notification REST Endpoints.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Notification REST Endpoint by filters
data "nios_notification_rest_endpoint" "get_notification_rest_endpoint_using_filter" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-notification-rest-endpoint-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific Notification REST Endpoints using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_notification_rest_endpoint" "get_notification_rest_endpoint_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Notification REST Endpoints
data "nios_notification_rest_endpoint" "get_all_notification_rest_endpoints" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of a notification REST endpoint.
- `outbound_member_type` (String) The outbound member which will generate an event.
- `uri` (String) The URI of a notification REST endpoint.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The comment of a notification REST endpoint.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `log_level` (String) The log level for a notification REST endpoint.
- `outbound_members` (List of String) The list of members for outbound events.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the user that can log into a notification REST endpoint.
- `server_cert_validation` (String) The server certificate validation type.
- `sync_disabled` (Boolean) Determines if the sync process is disabled for a notification REST endpoint.
- `template_instance` (Attributes) The notification REST template instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--template_instance))
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout of session management (in seconds).
- `username` (String) The username of the user that can log into a notification REST endpoint.
- `vendor_identifier` (String) The vendor identifier.
- `wapi_user_name` (String) The user name for WAPI integration.
- `wapi_user_password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for WAPI integration.

Read-Only:

- `client_certificate_subject` (String) The client certificate subject of a notification REST endpoint.
- `client_certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for a notification REST endpoit client certificate.
- `client_certificate_valid_from` (Number) The timestamp when client certificate for a notification REST endpoint was created.
- `client_certificate_valid_to` (Number) The timestamp when client certificate for a notification REST endpoint expires.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--template_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.template_instance`

Required:

- `template` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) The notification REST template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--template_instance--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--result--template_instance--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.template_instance.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.
- `syntax` (String) The syntax of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the REST API template parameter.

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the REST API template parameter.
