---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_parentalcontrol_avp Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "PARENTAL CONTROL"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Parental Control AVPs.
---

# nios_parentalcontrol_avp (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Parental Control AVPs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Attribute Value Pair by filters
data "nios_parentalcontrol_avp" "get_attribute_value_pair_using_filter" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-avp-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Attribute Value Pairs
data "nios_parentalcontrol_avp" "get_all_attribute_value_pairs" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of AVP.
- `type` (Number) The type of AVP as per RFC 2865/2866.
- `value_type` (String) The type of value.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The comment for the AVP.
- `domain_types` (List of String) The list of domains applicable to AVP.
- `is_restricted` (Boolean) Determines if AVP is restricted to domains.
- `vendor_id` (Number) The vendor ID as per RFC 2865/2866.
- `vendor_type` (Number) The vendor type as per RFC 2865/2866.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `user_defined` (Boolean) Determines if AVP was defined by user.
