---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_parentalcontrol_subscribersite Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "PARENTAL CONTROL"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Parental Control Subscriber Sites.
---

# nios_parentalcontrol_subscribersite (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Parental Control Subscriber Sites.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Parental Control Subscriber Site by filters
data "nios_parentalcontrol_subscribersite" "get_subscriber_site_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_subscriber_site"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Parental Control Subscriber Sites
data "nios_parentalcontrol_subscribersite" "get_all_subscriber_sites" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the site.

Optional:

- `abss` (Attributes List) The list of ABS for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--abss))
- `api_members` (Attributes List) The list of API members for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--api_members))
- `block_size` (Number) The size of the Deterministic NAT block-size.
- `blocking_ipv4_vip1` (String) The IPv4 Address of the blocking server.
- `blocking_ipv4_vip2` (String) The IPv4 Address of the blocking server.
- `blocking_ipv6_vip1` (String) The IPv6 Address of the blocking server.
- `blocking_ipv6_vip2` (String) The IPv6 Address of the blocking server.
- `comment` (String) The human readable comment for the site.
- `dca_sub_bw_list` (Boolean) Enable/disable the DCA subscriber B/W list support.
- `dca_sub_query_count` (Boolean) Enable/disable the DCA subscriber query count.
- `enable_global_allow_list_rpz` (Boolean) Enable/disable global allow list RPZ setting.
- `enable_rpz_filtering_bypass` (Boolean) Enable/disable Subscriber Secure Policy Bypass for Allowed list.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `first_port` (Number) The start of the first Deterministic block.
- `global_allow_list_rpz` (Number) Global allow list RPZ index. Valid values are between 0 and 63.
- `maximum_subscribers` (Number) The max number of subscribers for the site. It is used to configure the cache size.
- `members` (Attributes List) The list of members for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--members))
- `msps` (Attributes List) The list of MSP for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--msps))
- `nas_gateways` (Attributes List) The list of accounting log servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--nas_gateways))
- `nas_port` (Number) The port number to reach the collector.
- `proxy_rpz_passthru` (Boolean) Enforce the global proxy list.
- `spms` (Attributes List) The list of SPM for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--spms))
- `stop_anycast` (Boolean) Stop the anycast service when the subscriber service is in the interim state.
- `strict_nat` (Boolean) Restrict subscriber cache entries to NATed clients.
- `subscriber_collection_type` (String) Subscriber collection type either RADIUS or API.

Read-Only:

- `api_port` (Number) The port number for gRPC API server.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `uuid` (String) Universally Unique ID assigned for this object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--abss"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.abss`

Required:

- `blocking_policy` (String) The blocking policy for the additional blocking server.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of additional blocking server.


<a id="nestedatt--result--api_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.api_members`

Required:

- `name` (String) The Grid member name.


<a id="nestedatt--result--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.members`

Required:

- `name` (String) The Grid member name.

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of member.


<a id="nestedatt--result--msps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.msps`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP Address of MSP.


<a id="nestedatt--result--nas_gateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.nas_gateways`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of NAS gateway.
- `name` (String) The name of NAS gateway.
- `shared_secret` (String) The protocol MD5 phrase.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The human readable comment for NAS gateway.
- `send_ack` (Boolean) Determines whether an acknowledge needs to be sent.

Read-Only:

- `message_rate` (Number) The message rate per server.


<a id="nestedatt--result--spms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.spms`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP Address of SPM.
