---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_record_host Data Source - nios"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Host Records.
---

# nios_record_host (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Host Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Host record by filters
data "nios_record_host" "get_record_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "host1.example.com"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific Host records using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_record_host" "get_record_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Host records
data "nios_record_host" "get_all_records_in_default_view" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The host name in FQDN format This value can be in unicode format. Regular expression search is not supported for unicode values.

Optional:

- `aliases` (List of String) This is a list of aliases for the host. The aliases must be in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `allow_telnet` (Boolean) This field controls whether the credential is used for both the Telnet and SSH credentials. If set to False, the credential is used only for SSH.
- `cli_credentials` (Attributes List) The CLI credentials for the host record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cli_credentials))
- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `configure_for_dns` (Boolean) When configure_for_dns is false, the host does not have parent zone information.
- `ddns_protected` (Boolean) Determines if the DDNS updates for this record are allowed or not.
- `device_description` (String) The description of the device.
- `device_location` (String) The location of the device.
- `device_type` (String) The type of the device.
- `device_vendor` (String) The vendor of the device.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `disable_discovery` (Boolean) Determines if the discovery for the record is disabled or not. False means that the discovery is enabled.
- `dns_aliases` (List of String) The list of aliases for the host in punycode format.
- `enable_immediate_discovery` (Boolean) Determines if the discovery for the record should be immediately enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `ipv4addrs` (Attributes List) This is a list of IPv4 Addresses for the host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs))
- `ipv6addrs` (Attributes List) This is a list of IPv6 Addresses for the host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs))
- `restart_if_needed` (Boolean) Restarts the member service.
- `rrset_order` (String) The value of this field specifies the order in which resource record sets are returned. The possible values are "cyclic", "random" and "fixed".
- `snmp3_credential` (Attributes) The SNMPv3 credential for this fixed address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--snmp3_credential))
- `snmp_credential` (Attributes) The SNMP credential for this fixed address. If set to true, the SNMP credential will override member-level settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--snmp_credential))
- `ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value for record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_cli_credentials` (Boolean) If set to true, the CLI credential will override member-level settings.
- `use_dns_ea_inheritance` (Boolean) When use_dns_ea_inheritance is True, the EA is inherited from associated zone.
- `use_snmp3_credential` (Boolean) Determines if the SNMPv3 credential should be used for the record.
- `use_snmp_credential` (Boolean) If set to true, the SNMP credential will override member-level settings.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

Read-Only:

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) Structure containing all cloud API related information for this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info))
- `creation_time` (Number) The time of the record creation in Epoch seconds format.
- `dns_name` (String) The name for a host record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `internal_id` (String) Internal ID of the object.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `ms_ad_user_data` (Attributes) The Microsoft Active Directory user related information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ms_ad_user_data))
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which the host record resides.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cli_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cli_credentials`

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The commment for the credential.
- `credential_group` (String) Group for the CLI credential.
- `credential_type` (String) The type of the credential.
- `password` (String) The CLI password.
- `user` (String) The CLI user name.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The Credentials ID.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv4addrs`

Optional:

- `bootfile` (String) The name of the boot file the client must download.
- `bootserver` (String) The IP address or hostname of the boot file server where the boot file is stored.
- `deny_bootp` (Boolean) Set this to True to disable the BOOTP settings and deny BOOTP boot requests.
- `discovered_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--discovered_data))
- `enable_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Set this to True if you want the DHCP server to use a different lease time for PXE clients. You can specify the duration of time it takes a host to connect to a boot server, such as a TFTP server, and download the file it needs to boot. For example, set a longer lease time if the client downloads an OS (operating system) or configuration file, or set a shorter lease time if the client downloads only configuration changes. Enter the lease time for the preboot execution environment for hosts to boot remotely from a server.
- `func_call` (Attributes) Function call to be executed for Fixed Address (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--func_call))
- `ignore_client_requested_options` (Boolean) If this field is set to false, the appliance returns all DHCP options the client is eligible to receive, rather than only the list of options the client has requested.
- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the record.
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on the this host address. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the dhcpd configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--logic_filter_rules))
- `match_client` (String) Set this to 'MAC_ADDRESS' to assign the IP address to the selected host, provided that the MAC address of the requesting host matches the MAC address that you specify in the field. Set this to 'RESERVED' to reserve this particular IP address for future use, or if the IP address is statically configured on a system (the Infoblox server does not assign the address from a DHCP request).
- `ms_ad_user_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--ms_ad_user_data))
- `nextserver` (String) The name in FQDN format and/or IPv4 Address of the next server that the host needs to boot.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--options))
- `pxe_lease_time` (Number) The lease time for PXE clients, see *enable_pxe_lease_time* for more information.
- `reserved_interface` (String) The reference to the reserved interface to which the device belongs.
- `use_bootfile` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootfile
- `use_bootserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootserver
- `use_deny_bootp` (Boolean) Use flag for: deny_bootp
- `use_for_ea_inheritance` (Boolean) Set this to True when using this host address for EA inheritance.
- `use_ignore_client_requested_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: ignore_client_requested_options
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_nextserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: nextserver
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: pxe_lease_time

Read-Only:

- `configure_for_dhcp` (Boolean) Set this to True to enable the DHCP configuration for this host address.
- `discover_now_status` (String) The discovery status of this Host Address.
- `host` (String) The host to which the host address belongs, in FQDN format. It is only present when the host address object is not returned as part of a host.
- `is_invalid_mac` (Boolean) This flag reflects whether the MAC address for this host address is invalid.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address for this host address.
- `network` (String) The network of the host address, in FQDN/CIDR format.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which the host address resides.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--discovered_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv4addrs.discovered_data`

Read-Only:

- `ap_ip_address` (String) Discovered IP address of Wireless Access Point.
- `ap_name` (String) Discovered name of Wireless Access Point.
- `ap_ssid` (String) Service set identifier (SSID) associated with Wireless Access Point.
- `bgp_as` (Number) The BGP autonomous system number.
- `bridge_domain` (String) Discovered bridge domain.
- `cisco_ise_endpoint_profile` (String) The Endpoint Profile created in Cisco ISE.
- `cisco_ise_security_group` (String) The Cisco ISE security group name.
- `cisco_ise_session_state` (String) The Cisco ISE connection session state.
- `cisco_ise_ssid` (String) The Cisco ISE SSID.
- `cmp_type` (String) If the IP is coming from a Cloud environment, the Cloud Management Platform type.
- `device_contact` (String) Contact information from device on which the IP address was discovered.
- `device_location` (String) Location of device on which the IP address was discovered.
- `device_model` (String) The model name of the end device in the vendor terminology.
- `device_port_name` (String) The system name of the interface associated with the discovered IP address.
- `device_port_type` (String) The hardware type of the interface associated with the discovered IP address.
- `device_type` (String) The type of end host in vendor terminology.
- `device_vendor` (String) The vendor name of the end host.
- `discovered_name` (String) The name of the network device associated with the discovered IP address.
- `discoverer` (String) Specifies whether the IP address was discovered by a NetMRI or NIOS discovery process.
- `duid` (String) For IPv6 address only. The DHCP unique identifier of the discovered host. This is an optional field, and data might not be included.
- `endpoint_groups` (String) A comma-separated list of the discovered endpoint groups.
- `first_discovered` (Number) The date and time the IP address was first discovered in Epoch seconds format.
- `iprg_no` (Number) The port redundant group number.
- `iprg_state` (String) The status for the IP address within port redundant group.
- `iprg_type` (String) The port redundant group type.
- `last_discovered` (Number) The date and time the IP address was last discovered in Epoch seconds format.
- `mac_address` (String) The discovered MAC address for the host. This is the unique identifier of a network device. The discovery acquires the MAC address for hosts that are located on the same network as the Grid member that is running the discovery. This can also be the MAC address of a virtual entity on a specified vSphere server.
- `mgmt_ip_address` (String) The management IP address of the end host that has more than one IP.
- `netbios_name` (String) The name returned in the NetBIOS reply or the name you manually register for the discovered host.
- `network_component_contact` (String) Contact information from the network component on which the IP address was discovered.
- `network_component_description` (String) A textual description of the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_ip` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_location` (String) Location of the network component on which the IP address was discovered.
- `network_component_model` (String) Model name of the switch port connected to the end host in vendor terminology.
- `network_component_name` (String) If a reverse lookup was successful for the IP address associated with this switch, the host name is displayed in this field.
- `network_component_port_description` (String) A textual description of the switch port that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_port_name` (String) The name of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `network_component_port_number` (String) The number of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `network_component_type` (String) Identifies the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_vendor` (String) The vendor name of the switch port connected to the end host.
- `open_ports` (String) The list of opened ports on the IP address, represented as: "TCP: 21,22,23 UDP: 137,139". Limited to max total 1000 ports.
- `os` (String) The operating system of the detected host or virtual entity. The OS can be one of the following: * Microsoft for all discovered hosts that have a non-null value in the MAC addresses using the NetBIOS discovery method. * A value that a TCP discovery returns. * The OS of a virtual entity on a vSphere server.
- `port_duplex` (String) The negotiated or operational duplex setting of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `port_link_status` (String) The link status of the switch port connected to the end device. Indicates whether it is connected.
- `port_speed` (String) The interface speed, in Mbps, of the switch port.
- `port_status` (String) The operational status of the switch port. Indicates whether the port is up or down.
- `port_type` (String) The type of switch port.
- `port_vlan_description` (String) The description of the VLAN of the switch port that is connected to the end device.
- `port_vlan_name` (String) The name of the VLAN of the switch port.
- `port_vlan_number` (String) The ID of the VLAN of the switch port.
- `task_name` (String) The name of the discovery task.
- `tenant` (String) Discovered tenant.
- `v_adapter` (String) The name of the physical network adapter through which the virtual entity is connected to the appliance.
- `v_cluster` (String) The name of the VMware cluster to which the virtual entity belongs.
- `v_datacenter` (String) The name of the vSphere datacenter or container to which the virtual entity belongs.
- `v_entity_name` (String) The name of the virtual entity.
- `v_entity_type` (String) The virtual entity type. This can be blank or one of the following: Virtual Machine, Virtual Host, or Virtual Center. Virtual Center represents a VMware vCenter server.
- `v_host` (String) The name of the VMware server on which the virtual entity was discovered.
- `v_switch` (String) The name of the switch to which the virtual entity is connected.
- `vlan_port_group` (String) Port group which the virtual machine belongs to.
- `vmhost_ip_address` (String) IP address of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_mac_address` (String) MAC address of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_name` (String) Name of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_nic_names` (String) List of all physical port names used by the virtual switch on the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted. Represented as: "eth1,eth2,eth3".
- `vmhost_subnet_cidr` (Number) CIDR subnet of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmi_id` (String) ID of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_ip_type` (String) Discovered IP address type.
- `vmi_is_public_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether the IP address is a public address.
- `vmi_name` (String) Name of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_private_address` (String) Private IP address of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_tenant_id` (String) ID of the tenant which virtual machine belongs to.
- `vport_conf_mode` (String) Configured mode of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_conf_speed` (String) Configured speed of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to. Unit is kb.
- `vport_link_status` (String) Link status of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_mac_address` (String) MAC address of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_mode` (String) Actual mode of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_name` (String) Name of the network adapter on the virtual switch connected with the virtual machine.
- `vport_speed` (String) Actual speed of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to. Unit is kb.
- `vrf_description` (String) Description of the VRF.
- `vrf_name` (String) The name of the VRF.
- `vrf_rd` (String) Route distinguisher of the VRF.
- `vswitch_available_ports_count` (Number) Numer of available ports reported by the virtual switch on which the virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_id` (String) ID of the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates the virtual switch has IPV6 enabled.
- `vswitch_name` (String) Name of the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_segment_id` (String) ID of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_name` (String) Name of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_port_group` (String) Port group of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_type` (String) Type of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_tep_dhcp_server` (String) DHCP server of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_ip` (String) IP address of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_multicast` (String) Muticast address of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual swtich.
- `vswitch_tep_port_group` (String) Port group of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_type` (String) Type of virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_vlan` (String) VLAN of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_type` (String) Type of the virtual switch: standard or distributed.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--func_call"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv4addrs.func_call`

Required:

- `attribute_name` (String) The attribute to be called.

Optional:

- `object` (String) The object to be called.
- `object_function` (String) The function to be called.
- `object_parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the object.
- `parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the function.
- `result_field` (String) The result field of the function.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv4addrs.logic_filter_rules`

Optional:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--ms_ad_user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv4addrs.ms_ad_user_data`

Read-Only:

- `active_users_count` (Number) The number of active users.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv4addrs--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv4addrs.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.



<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv6addrs`

Optional:

- `address_type` (String) Type of the DHCP IPv6 Host Address object.
- `discovered_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--discovered_data))
- `domain_name` (String) Use this method to set or retrieve the domain_name value of the DHCP IPv6 Host Address object.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) The IPv6 addresses of DNS recursive name servers to which the DHCP client can send name resolution requests. The DHCP server includes this information in the DNS Recursive Name Server option in Advertise, Rebind, Information-Request, and Reply messages.
- `func_call` (Attributes) Function call to be executed for Fixed Address (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--func_call))
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the record.
- `ipv6prefix` (String) The IPv6 Address prefix of the DHCP IPv6 Host Address object.
- `ipv6prefix_bits` (Number) Prefix bits of the DHCP IPv6 Host Address object.
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on the this host address. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the dhcpd configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--logic_filter_rules))
- `ms_ad_user_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--ms_ad_user_data))
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--options))
- `preferred_lifetime` (Number) Use this method to set or retrieve the preferred lifetime value of the DHCP IPv6 Host Address object.
- `reserved_interface` (String) The reference to the reserved interface to which the device belongs.
- `use_domain_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name
- `use_domain_name_servers` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name_servers
- `use_for_ea_inheritance` (Boolean) Set this to True when using this host address for EA inheritance.
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_preferred_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: preferred_lifetime
- `use_valid_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: valid_lifetime
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) Use this method to set or retrieve the valid lifetime value of the DHCP IPv6 Host Address object.

Read-Only:

- `configure_for_dhcp` (Boolean) Set this to True to enable the DHCP configuration for this IPv6 host address.
- `discover_now_status` (String) The discovery status of this IPv6 Host Address.
- `duid` (String) DHCPv6 Unique Identifier (DUID) of the address object.
- `host` (String) The host to which the IPv6 host address belongs, in FQDN format. It is only present when the host address object is not returned as part of a host.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address for this host address.
- `match_client` (String) The match_client value for this fixed address. Valid values are: "DUID": The host IP address is leased to the matching DUID. "MAC_ADDRESS": The host IP address is leased to the matching MAC address.
- `network` (String) The network of the host address, in FQDN/CIDR format.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which the host address resides.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--discovered_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv6addrs.discovered_data`

Read-Only:

- `ap_ip_address` (String) Discovered IP address of Wireless Access Point.
- `ap_name` (String) Discovered name of Wireless Access Point.
- `ap_ssid` (String) Service set identifier (SSID) associated with Wireless Access Point.
- `bgp_as` (Number) The BGP autonomous system number.
- `bridge_domain` (String) Discovered bridge domain.
- `cisco_ise_endpoint_profile` (String) The Endpoint Profile created in Cisco ISE.
- `cisco_ise_security_group` (String) The Cisco ISE security group name.
- `cisco_ise_session_state` (String) The Cisco ISE connection session state.
- `cisco_ise_ssid` (String) The Cisco ISE SSID.
- `cmp_type` (String) If the IP is coming from a Cloud environment, the Cloud Management Platform type.
- `device_contact` (String) Contact information from device on which the IP address was discovered.
- `device_location` (String) Location of device on which the IP address was discovered.
- `device_model` (String) The model name of the end device in the vendor terminology.
- `device_port_name` (String) The system name of the interface associated with the discovered IP address.
- `device_port_type` (String) The hardware type of the interface associated with the discovered IP address.
- `device_type` (String) The type of end host in vendor terminology.
- `device_vendor` (String) The vendor name of the end host.
- `discovered_name` (String) The name of the network device associated with the discovered IP address.
- `discoverer` (String) Specifies whether the IP address was discovered by a NetMRI or NIOS discovery process.
- `duid` (String) For IPv6 address only. The DHCP unique identifier of the discovered host. This is an optional field, and data might not be included.
- `endpoint_groups` (String) A comma-separated list of the discovered endpoint groups.
- `first_discovered` (Number) The date and time the IP address was first discovered in Epoch seconds format.
- `iprg_no` (Number) The port redundant group number.
- `iprg_state` (String) The status for the IP address within port redundant group.
- `iprg_type` (String) The port redundant group type.
- `last_discovered` (Number) The date and time the IP address was last discovered in Epoch seconds format.
- `mac_address` (String) The discovered MAC address for the host. This is the unique identifier of a network device. The discovery acquires the MAC address for hosts that are located on the same network as the Grid member that is running the discovery. This can also be the MAC address of a virtual entity on a specified vSphere server.
- `mgmt_ip_address` (String) The management IP address of the end host that has more than one IP.
- `netbios_name` (String) The name returned in the NetBIOS reply or the name you manually register for the discovered host.
- `network_component_contact` (String) Contact information from the network component on which the IP address was discovered.
- `network_component_description` (String) A textual description of the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_ip` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_location` (String) Location of the network component on which the IP address was discovered.
- `network_component_model` (String) Model name of the switch port connected to the end host in vendor terminology.
- `network_component_name` (String) If a reverse lookup was successful for the IP address associated with this switch, the host name is displayed in this field.
- `network_component_port_description` (String) A textual description of the switch port that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_port_name` (String) The name of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `network_component_port_number` (String) The number of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `network_component_type` (String) Identifies the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_vendor` (String) The vendor name of the switch port connected to the end host.
- `open_ports` (String) The list of opened ports on the IP address, represented as: "TCP: 21,22,23 UDP: 137,139". Limited to max total 1000 ports.
- `os` (String) The operating system of the detected host or virtual entity. The OS can be one of the following: * Microsoft for all discovered hosts that have a non-null value in the MAC addresses using the NetBIOS discovery method. * A value that a TCP discovery returns. * The OS of a virtual entity on a vSphere server.
- `port_duplex` (String) The negotiated or operational duplex setting of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `port_link_status` (String) The link status of the switch port connected to the end device. Indicates whether it is connected.
- `port_speed` (String) The interface speed, in Mbps, of the switch port.
- `port_status` (String) The operational status of the switch port. Indicates whether the port is up or down.
- `port_type` (String) The type of switch port.
- `port_vlan_description` (String) The description of the VLAN of the switch port that is connected to the end device.
- `port_vlan_name` (String) The name of the VLAN of the switch port.
- `port_vlan_number` (String) The ID of the VLAN of the switch port.
- `task_name` (String) The name of the discovery task.
- `tenant` (String) Discovered tenant.
- `v_adapter` (String) The name of the physical network adapter through which the virtual entity is connected to the appliance.
- `v_cluster` (String) The name of the VMware cluster to which the virtual entity belongs.
- `v_datacenter` (String) The name of the vSphere datacenter or container to which the virtual entity belongs.
- `v_entity_name` (String) The name of the virtual entity.
- `v_entity_type` (String) The virtual entity type. This can be blank or one of the following: Virtual Machine, Virtual Host, or Virtual Center. Virtual Center represents a VMware vCenter server.
- `v_host` (String) The name of the VMware server on which the virtual entity was discovered.
- `v_switch` (String) The name of the switch to which the virtual entity is connected.
- `vlan_port_group` (String) Port group which the virtual machine belongs to.
- `vmhost_ip_address` (String) IP address of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_mac_address` (String) MAC address of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_name` (String) Name of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_nic_names` (String) List of all physical port names used by the virtual switch on the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted. Represented as: "eth1,eth2,eth3".
- `vmhost_subnet_cidr` (Number) CIDR subnet of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmi_id` (String) ID of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_ip_type` (String) Discovered IP address type.
- `vmi_is_public_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether the IP address is a public address.
- `vmi_name` (String) Name of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_private_address` (String) Private IP address of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_tenant_id` (String) ID of the tenant which virtual machine belongs to.
- `vport_conf_mode` (String) Configured mode of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_conf_speed` (String) Configured speed of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to. Unit is kb.
- `vport_link_status` (String) Link status of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_mac_address` (String) MAC address of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_mode` (String) Actual mode of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_name` (String) Name of the network adapter on the virtual switch connected with the virtual machine.
- `vport_speed` (String) Actual speed of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to. Unit is kb.
- `vrf_description` (String) Description of the VRF.
- `vrf_name` (String) The name of the VRF.
- `vrf_rd` (String) Route distinguisher of the VRF.
- `vswitch_available_ports_count` (Number) Numer of available ports reported by the virtual switch on which the virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_id` (String) ID of the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates the virtual switch has IPV6 enabled.
- `vswitch_name` (String) Name of the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_segment_id` (String) ID of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_name` (String) Name of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_port_group` (String) Port group of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_type` (String) Type of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_tep_dhcp_server` (String) DHCP server of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_ip` (String) IP address of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_multicast` (String) Muticast address of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual swtich.
- `vswitch_tep_port_group` (String) Port group of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_type` (String) Type of virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_vlan` (String) VLAN of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_type` (String) Type of the virtual switch: standard or distributed.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--func_call"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv6addrs.func_call`

Required:

- `attribute_name` (String) The attribute to be called.

Optional:

- `object` (String) The object to be called.
- `object_function` (String) The function to be called.
- `object_parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the object.
- `parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the function.
- `result_field` (String) The result field of the function.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv6addrs.logic_filter_rules`

Optional:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--ms_ad_user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv6addrs.ms_ad_user_data`

Read-Only:

- `active_users_count` (Number) The number of active users.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ipv6addrs--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ipv6addrs.options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.



<a id="nestedatt--result--snmp3_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.snmp3_credential`

Optional:

- `authentication_password` (String) Authentication password for the SNMPv3 user.
- `authentication_protocol` (String) Authentication protocol for the SNMPv3 user.
- `comment` (String) Comments for the SNMPv3 user.
- `credential_group` (String) Group for the SNMPv3 credential.
- `privacy_password` (String) Privacy password for the SNMPv3 user.
- `privacy_protocol` (String) Privacy protocol for the SNMPv3 user.
- `user` (String) The SNMPv3 user name.


<a id="nestedatt--result--snmp_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.snmp_credential`

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comments for the SNMPv1 and SNMPv2 users.
- `community_string` (String) The public community string.
- `credential_group` (String) Group for the SNMPv1 and SNMPv2 credential.


<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info`

Optional:

- `delegated_member` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member))

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info.delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name



<a id="nestedatt--result--ms_ad_user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ms_ad_user_data`

Read-Only:

- `active_users_count` (Number) The number of active users.
