---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_rir_organization Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "RIR"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing RIR Organizations.
---

# nios_rir_organization (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing RIR Organizations.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific RIR Organization by filters
data "nios_rir_organization" "get_rir_organization_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_rir_organization"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific RIR Organizations using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_rir_organization" "get_rir_organization_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    "RIPE Email" = nios_rir_organization.test.extattrs["RIPE Email"]
  }
}

// Retrieve all RIR Organizations
data "nios_rir_organization" "get_all_rir_organizations" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `id` (String) The RIR organization identifier. Valid Examples for ID are ORG-CA1-RIPE or ORG-CB2-TEST
- `maintainer` (String) The RIR organization maintainer.
- `name` (String) The RIR organization name.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the maintainer of RIR organization.
- `sender_email` (String) The sender e-mail address for RIR organization.

Optional:

- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `rir` (String) The RIR associated with RIR organization.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
