---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_rpz_record_cname_clientipaddress Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "RPZ"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DNS RPZ CNAME Client IP Address Records.
---

# nios_rpz_record_cname_clientipaddress (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DNS RPZ CNAME Client IP Address Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific RPZ CNAME client IP address record by filters
data "nios_rpz_record_cname_clientipaddress" "get_record_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "12.0.0.1.rpzclientipaddress.example.com"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific RPZ CNAME client IP address records using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_rpz_record_cname_clientipaddress" "get_record_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all RPZ CNAME client IP address records
data "nios_rpz_record_cname_clientipaddress" "get_all_rpz_cname_clientipaddress_records" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `canonical` (String) The canonical name in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `name` (String) The name for a record in FQDN format. This value cannot be in unicode format.
- `rp_zone` (String) The name of a response policy zone in which the record resides.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value for record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS View in which the record resides. Example: "external".

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `is_ipv4` (Boolean) Indicates whether the record is an IPv4 record. If the return value is "true", it is an IPv4 record. Otherwise, it is an IPv6 record.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.
