---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_ftpuser Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing FTP Users.
---

# nios_security_ftpuser (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing FTP Users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific FTP user by filters
data "nios_security_ftpuser" "get_ftpuser_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    username = "example_ftpuser"
  }
}
// Retrieve specific FTP users using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_security_ftpuser" "get_ftpusers_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
// Retrieve all FTP users
data "nios_security_ftpuser" "get_all_ftpusers" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `password` (String, Sensitive) The FTP user password.
- `username` (String) The FTP user name.

Optional:

- `create_home_dir` (Boolean) Determines whether to create the home directory with the user name or to use the existing directory as the home directory. Default is true. Cannot be used together with 'home_dir'.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `home_dir` (String) The absolute path of the FTP user's home directory. set create_home_dir to false to set home_dir
- `permission` (String) The FTP user permission.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
