---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_tacacsplus_authservice Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Tacacsplus Authentication Services.
---

# nios_security_tacacsplus_authservice (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Tacacsplus Authentication Services.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific TACACS+ Authservice by filters
data "nios_security_tacacsplus_authservice" "get_tacacsplus_authservice_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "tacacsplus_authservice1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all TACACS+ Authservices
data "nios_security_tacacsplus_authservice" "get_all_tacacsplus_authservices" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The TACACS+ authentication service name.
- `servers` (Attributes List) The list of the TACACS+ servers used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--servers))

Optional:

- `acct_retries` (Number) The number of the accounting retries before giving up and moving on to the next server.
- `acct_timeout` (Number) The accounting retry period in milliseconds.
- `auth_retries` (Number) The number of the authentication/authorization retries before giving up and moving on to the next server.
- `auth_timeout` (Number) The authentication/authorization timeout period in milliseconds.
- `comment` (String) The TACACS+ authentication service descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the TACACS+ authentication service object is disabled.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.servers`

Required:

- `shared_secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret key with which to connect to the TACACS+ server.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The valid IP address or FQDN of the TACACS+ server.
- `auth_type` (String) The authentication protocol.
- `comment` (String) The TACACS+ descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the TACACS+ server is disabled.
- `port` (Number) The TACACS+ server port.
- `use_accounting` (Boolean) Determines whether the TACACS+ accounting server is used.
- `use_mgmt_port` (Boolean) Determines whether the TACACS+ server is connected via the management interface.
