---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_admin_user Data Source - nios"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Admin Users.
---

# nios_security_admin_user (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Admin Users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Admin User View by filters
data "nios_security_admin_user" "get_admin_user_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_admin_user"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific Admin Users using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_security_admin_user" "get_admin_users_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Admin Users
data "nios_security_admin_user" "get_all_admin_users" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `admin_groups` (List of String) The names of the Admin Groups to which this Admin User belongs. Currently, this is limited to only one Admin Group.
- `name` (String) The name of the admin user.
- `password` (String) The password for the administrator to use when logging in.

Optional:

- `auth_method` (String) Determines the way of authentication
- `auth_type` (String) The authentication type for the admin user.
- `ca_certificate_issuer` (String) The CA certificate that is used for user lookup during authentication.
- `client_certificate_serial_number` (String) The serial number of the client certificate.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the admin user; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the admin user is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the admin user is enabled.
- `email` (String) The e-mail address for the admin user.
- `enable_certificate_authentication` (Boolean) Determines whether the user is allowed to log in only with the certificate. Regular username/password authentication will be disabled for this user.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `ssh_keys` (Attributes List) List of ssh keys for a particular user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ssh_keys))
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for this admin user.
- `use_ssh_keys` (Boolean) Enable/disable the ssh keypair authentication.
- `use_time_zone` (Boolean) Use flag for: time_zone

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `status` (String) Status of the user account.

<a id="nestedatt--result--ssh_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ssh_keys`

Optional:

- `key_name` (String) Unique identifier for the key
- `key_type` (String) ssh_key_types
- `key_value` (String) ssh key text
