---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_radius_authservice Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  
---

# nios_security_radius_authservice (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Radius Authservice by filters
data "nios_security_radius_authservice" "get_radius_authservice_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "radius_authservice1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Radius Authservices
data "nios_security_radius_authservice" "get_all_radius_authservices" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The RADIUS authentication service name.
- `servers` (Attributes List) The ordered list of RADIUS authentication servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--servers))

Optional:

- `acct_retries` (Number) The number of times to attempt to contact an accounting RADIUS server.
- `acct_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for a response from the RADIUS server.
- `auth_retries` (Number) The number of times to attempt to contact an authentication RADIUS server.
- `auth_timeout` (Number) The number of seconds to wait for a response from the RADIUS server.
- `cache_ttl` (Number) The TTL of cached authentication data in seconds.
- `comment` (String) The RADIUS descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the RADIUS authentication service is disabled.
- `enable_cache` (Boolean) Determines whether the authentication cache is enabled.
- `mode` (String) The way to contact the RADIUS server.
- `recovery_interval` (Number) The time period to wait before retrying a server that has been marked as down.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.servers`

Required:

- `address` (String) The FQDN or the IP address of the RADIUS server that is used for authentication.
- `shared_secret` (String) The shared secret that the NIOS appliance and the RADIUS server use to encrypt and decrypt their messages.

Optional:

- `acct_port` (Number) The accounting port.
- `auth_port` (Number) The authorization port.
- `auth_type` (String) The authentication protocol.
- `comment` (String) The RADIUS descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the RADIUS server is disabled.
- `use_accounting` (Boolean) Determines whether RADIUS accounting is enabled.
- `use_mgmt_port` (Boolean) Determines whether connection via the management interface is allowed.
