---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_hsm_thaleslunagroup Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  Retrieves existing Thales Luna HSM groups.
---

# nios_security_hsm_thaleslunagroup (Data Source)

Retrieves existing Thales Luna HSM groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Thales Luna HSM Group by filters
data "nios_security_hsm_thaleslunagroup" "get_hsm_thaleslunagroup_using_filter" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-thalesluna-hsm"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Thales Luna HSM Groups
data "nios_security_hsm_thaleslunagroup" "get_all_hsm_thaleslunagroups" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `hsm_version` (String) The HSM Thales Luna version.
- `name` (String) The HSM Thales Luna group name.
- `pass_phrase` (String, Sensitive) The pass phrase used to unlock the HSM Thales Luna keystore.
- `thalesluna` (Attributes List) The list of HSM Thales Luna devices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--thalesluna))

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The HSM Thales Luna group comment.

Read-Only:

- `group_sn` (String) The HSM Thales Luna group serial number.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `status` (String) The status of all HSM Thales Luna devices in the group.

<a id="nestedatt--result--thalesluna"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.thalesluna`

Required:

- `name` (String) The HSM Thales Luna device IPv4 Address or FQDN.
- `partition_serial_number` (String) The HSM Thales Luna device partition serial number (PSN).
- `server_cert_file_path` (String) The file path to the Thales Luna HSM device certificate.

Optional:

- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the HSM Thales Luna device is disabled.

Read-Only:

- `is_fips_compliant` (Boolean) Determines whether the HSM Thales Luna device is FIPS compliant.
- `partition_capacity` (Number) The HSM Thales Luna device partition capacity percentage used.
- `partition_id` (String) Partition ID that is displayed after the appliance has successfully connected to the HSM Thales Luna device.
- `server_cert` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for a Thales Luna HSM device certificate.
- `status` (String) The HSM Thales Luna device status.
