---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_permission Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  The permission data source retrieves a list of permissions
---

# nios_security_permission (Data Source)

The permission data source retrieves a list of permissions

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Permission by filters
data "nios_security_permission" "example_permission" {
  filters = {
    group         = "cloud-api-only"
    permission    = "WRITE"
    resource_type = "HOST"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Optional:

- `group` (String) The name of the admin group this permission applies to.
- `object` (String) A reference to a WAPI object, which will be the object this permission applies to.
- `permission` (String) The type of permission.
- `resource_type` (String) The type of resource this permission applies to. If 'object' is set, the permission is going to apply to child objects of the specified type, for example if 'object' was set to an authoritative zone reference and 'resource_type' was set to 'A', the permission would apply to A Resource Records within the specified zone.
- `role` (String) The name of the role this permission applies to.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
