---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_certificate_authservice Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Certificate Authservice.
---

# nios_security_certificate_authservice (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Certificate Authservice.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific certificate Authservice by filters
data "nios_security_certificate_authservice" "get_certificate_authservice_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_certificate_authservice2"
  }
}

// Retrieve all certificate Authservices
data "nios_security_certificate_authservice" "get_all_certificate_authservices" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `ca_certificates` (List of String) The list of CA certificates.
- `name` (String) The name of the certificate authentication service.

Optional:

- `auto_populate_login` (String) Specifies the value of the client certificate for automatically populating the NIOS login name.
- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment for the certificate authentication service.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Determines if this certificate authentication service is enabled or disabled.
- `enable_password_request` (Boolean) Determines if username/password authentication together with client certificate authentication is enabled or disabled.
- `enable_remote_lookup` (Boolean) Determines if the lookup for user group membership information on remote services is enabled or disabled.
- `max_retries` (Number) The number of validation attempts before the appliance contacts the next responder.
- `ocsp_check` (String) Specifies the source of OCSP settings.
- `ocsp_responders` (Attributes List) An ordered list of OCSP responders that are part of the certificate authentication service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ocsp_responders))
- `recovery_interval` (Number) The period of time the appliance waits before it attempts to contact a responder that is out of service again. The value must be between 1 and 600 seconds.
- `remote_lookup_password` (String, Sensitive) The password for the service account.
- `remote_lookup_service` (String) The password for the service account.
- `remote_lookup_username` (String) The username for the service account.
- `response_timeout` (Number) The validation timeout period in milliseconds.
- `trust_model` (String) The OCSP trust model.
- `user_match_type` (String) Specifies how to search for a user.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--ocsp_responders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ocsp_responders`

Required:

- `certificate_file_path` (String) The file path to the certificate.
- `fqdn_or_ip` (String) The FQDN (Fully Qualified Domain Name) or IP address of the server.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment for the OCSP authentication responder.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Determines if this OCSP authentication responder is disabled.
- `port` (Number) The port used for connecting.

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (String) The reference to the OCSP responder certificate.
- `certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop.
