---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_saml_authservice Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing SAML Authservices.
---

# nios_security_saml_authservice (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing SAML Authservices.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific SAML Authservice by filters
data "nios_security_saml_authservice" "get_saml_authservice_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "saml_authservice"
  }
}

// Retrieve all SAML Authservices
data "nios_security_saml_authservice" "get_all_saml_authservices" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `idp` (Attributes) The SAML Identity Provider to use for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--idp))
- `name` (String) The name of the SAML authentication service.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment for the SAML authentication service.
- `session_timeout` (Number) The session timeout in seconds.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--idp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.idp`

Required:

- `idp_type` (String) SAML Identity Provider type.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The SAML Identity Provider descriptive comment.
- `groupname` (String) The SAML groupname optional user group attribute.
- `metadata_file_path` (String) The file path to the certificate.
- `metadata_url` (String) Identity Provider Metadata URL.
- `sso_redirect_url` (String) host name or IP address of the GM

Read-Only:

- `metadata_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop.
