---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_ldap_auth_service Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing LDAP Auth Services
---

# nios_security_ldap_auth_service (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing LDAP Auth Services

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific LDAP Auth Service by filters
data "nios_security_ldap_auth_service" "get_ldap_authservice_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_ldap_authservice"
  }
}

// Retrieve all LDAP Auth Services
data "nios_security_ldap_auth_service" "get_all_ldap_authservices" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `ldap_user_attribute` (String) The LDAP userid attribute that is used for search.
- `name` (String) The LDAP authentication service name.
- `recovery_interval` (Number) The period of time in seconds to wait before trying to contact a LDAP server that has been marked as 'DOWN'.
- `retries` (Number) The maximum number of LDAP authentication attempts.
- `servers` (Attributes List) The list of LDAP servers used for authentication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--servers))
- `timeout` (Number) The LDAP authentication timeout in seconds.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The LDAP descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the LDAP authentication service is disabled.
- `ea_mapping` (Attributes List) The mapping LDAP fields to extensible attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ea_mapping))
- `ldap_group_attribute` (String) The name of the LDAP attribute that defines group membership.
- `ldap_group_authentication_type` (String) The LDAP group authentication type.
- `mode` (String) The LDAP authentication mode.
- `search_scope` (String) The starting point of the LDAP search.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.servers`

Required:

- `address` (String) The IP address or FQDN of the LDAP server.
- `base_dn` (String) The base DN for the LDAP server.

Optional:

- `authentication_type` (String) The authentication type for the LDAP server.
- `bind_password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for authentication.
- `bind_user_dn` (String) The user DN for authentication.
- `comment` (String) The LDAP descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the LDAP server is disabled.
- `encryption` (String) The LDAP server encryption type.
- `port` (Number) The LDAP server port.
- `use_mgmt_port` (Boolean) Determines if the connection via the MGMT interface is allowed.
- `version` (String) The LDAP server version.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ea_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ea_mapping`

Required:

- `mapped_ea` (String) The name of the extensible attribute definition object to which the LDAP attribute is mapped.
- `name` (String) The LDAP attribute name.
