---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_snmp_user Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing SNMPv3 Users.
---

# nios_security_snmp_user (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing SNMPv3 Users.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific SNMP user by filters
data "nios_security_snmp_user" "get_snmpuser_with_filter" {
  filters = {
    name = "snmpuser_example_2"
  }
}

// Retrieve a specific SNMP user using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_security_snmp_user" "get_snmpuser_with_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all SNMP users
data "nios_security_snmp_user" "get_all_snmpusers" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `authentication_protocol` (String) The authentication protocol to be used for this user.
- `name` (String) The name of the user.
- `privacy_protocol` (String) The privacy protocol to be used for this user.

Optional:

- `authentication_password` (String, Sensitive) Determines an authentication password for the user. This is a write-only attribute. Must be between 8 and 256 characters.
- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment for the SNMPv3 User.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if SNMPv3 user is disabled or not.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `privacy_password` (String, Sensitive) Determines a password for the privacy protocol.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
