---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_admin_role Data Source - nios"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Admin Roles.
---

# nios_security_admin_role (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Admin Roles.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Admin Roles by filters
data "nios_security_admin_role" "get_admin_role_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_admin_role"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific Admin Roles using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_security_admin_role" "get_admin_role_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all Admin Roles
data "nios_security_admin_role" "get_all_admin_roles" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of an admin role.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment of the Admin Role object.
- `disable` (Boolean) The disable flag.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
