---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_hsm_entrustnshieldgroup Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Entrust nShield HSM groups.
---

# nios_security_hsm_entrustnshieldgroup (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Entrust nShield HSM groups.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a HSM entrustnshieldgroup by filters
data "nios_security_hsm_entrustnshieldgroup" "get_hsm_entrustnshieldgroup_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-hsm-entrustnshieldgroup"
  }
}

// Retrieve all entrustnshieldgroups by filters 
data "nios_security_hsm_entrustnshieldgroup" "get_all_hsm_entrustnshieldgroups" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `entrustnshield_hsm` (Attributes List) The list of Entrust nShield HSM devices. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--entrustnshield_hsm))
- `key_server_ip` (String) The remote file server (RFS) IPv4 Address.
- `name` (String) The Entrust nShield HSM group name.

Optional:

- `card_name` (String) The Entrust nShield HSM softcard name.
- `comment` (String) The Entrust nShield HSM group comment.
- `key_server_port` (Number) The remote file server (RFS) port.
- `pass_phrase` (String) The password phrase used to unlock the Entrust nShield HSM keystore.
- `protection` (String) The level of protection that the HSM group uses for the DNSSEC key data.

Read-Only:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `status` (String) The status of all Entrust nShield HSM devices in the group.

<a id="nestedatt--result--entrustnshield_hsm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.entrustnshield_hsm`

Required:

- `remote_ip` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Entrust nShield HSM device.

Optional:

- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the Entrust nShield HSM device is disabled.
- `keyhash` (String, Sensitive) The Entrust nShield HSM device public key digest.
- `remote_port` (Number) The Entrust nShield HSM device destination port.

Read-Only:

- `remote_esn` (String) The Entrust nShield HSM device electronic serial number.
- `status` (String) The Entrust nShield HSM device status.
