---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_smartfolder_personal Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "SMART FOLDER"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing personal Smart Folders.
---

# nios_smartfolder_personal (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing personal Smart Folders.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific smartfolder personal by filters
data "nios_smartfolder_personal" "get_smartfolder_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "my-basic-smartfolder"
  }
}

// Retrieve all smartfolder personal records
data "nios_smartfolder_personal" "get_all_smartfolders" {}

# // Retrieve smartfolder personal by name only
# data "nios_smartfolder_personal" "get_smartfolder_by_name" {
#   filters = {
#     name = "my-complete-smartfolder"
#   }
# }

# // Retrieve smartfolders with specific query items
# data "nios_smartfolder_personal" "get_smartfolder_with_query_items" {
#   filters = {
#     name = "multi-query-smartfolder"
#   }
# }

output "name" {
  value = data.nios_smartfolder_personal.get_smartfolder_using_filters

}
output "complete_smartfolder_name" {
  value = data.nios_smartfolder_personal.get_all_smartfolders
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) The personal Smart Folder name.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The personal Smart Folder descriptive comment.
- `group_bys` (Attributes List) The personal Smart Folder groupping rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--group_bys))
- `query_items` (Attributes List) The personal Smart Folder filter queries. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--query_items))

Read-Only:

- `is_shortcut` (Boolean) Determines whether the personal Smart Folder is a shortcut.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--group_bys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.group_bys`

Optional:

- `enable_grouping` (Boolean) Determines whether the grouping is enabled.
- `value` (String) The name of the Smart Folder grouping attribute.
- `value_type` (String) The type of the Smart Folder grouping attribute value.


<a id="nestedatt--result--query_items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.query_items`

Optional:

- `field_type` (String) The Smart Folder query field type.
- `name` (String) The Smart Folder query name.
- `op_match` (Boolean) Determines whether the query operator should match.
- `operator` (String) The Smart Folder operator used in query.
- `value` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--query_items--value))
- `value_type` (String) The Smart Folder query value type.

<a id="nestedatt--result--query_items--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.query_items.value`

Optional:

- `value_boolean` (Boolean) The boolean value of the Smart Folder query.
- `value_date` (Number) The timestamp value of the Smart Folder query.
- `value_integer` (Number) The integer value of the Smart Folder query.
- `value_string` (String) The string value of the Smart Folder query.
