---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_threatprotection_grid_rule Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "THREAT PROTECTION"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing Threat Protection Grid Rules.
---

# nios_threatprotection_grid_rule (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing Threat Protection Grid Rules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific Threat Protection Grid Rule by filters
data "nios_threatprotection_grid_rule" "get_threatprotection_grid_rule_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    template = ""
  }
}

// Retrieve all Threat Protection Grid Rules
data "nios_threatprotection_grid_rule" "get_all_threatprotection_grid_rule" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filters are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `template` (String) The threat protection rule template used to create this rule.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The human readable comment for the custom rule.
- `config` (Attributes) The rule config of the template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--config))
- `disabled` (Boolean) Determines if the custom rule is disabled.

Read-Only:

- `allowed_actions` (List of String) The list of allowed actions of the custom rule.
- `category` (String) The rule category the custom rule assigned to.
- `description` (String) The description of the custom rule.
- `is_factory_reset_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if factory reset is enabled for the custom rule.
- `name` (String) The name of the rule custom rule concatenated with its rule config parameters.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `ruleset` (String) The version of the ruleset the custom rule assigned to.
- `sid` (Number) The Rule ID.
- `type` (String) The type of the custom rule.

<a id="nestedatt--result--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.config`

Required:

- `action` (String) The rule action.
- `log_severity` (String) The rule log severity.

Optional:

- `params` (Attributes List) The threat protection rule parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--config--params))

<a id="nestedatt--result--config--params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.config.params`

Required:

- `name` (String) The rule parameter name.
- `value` (String) The rule parameter value.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The rule parameter description.
- `enum_values` (List of String) The rule parameter enum values.
- `max` (Number) The rule parameter maximum.
- `min` (Number) The rule parameter minimum.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Determines if parameter value is editable at member level.
- `syntax` (String) The rule parameter syntax.
