---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_cloud_awsrte53taskgroup Resource - nios"
subcategory: "CLOUD"
description: |-
  
---

# nios_cloud_awsrte53taskgroup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `aws_account_ids_file_token` (String) The AWS account IDs file's token.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the task group; maximum 256 characters.
- `consolidate_zones` (Boolean) Indicates if all zones need to be saved into a single view.
- `consolidated_view` (String) The name of the DNS view for consolidating zones.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the task group is enabled or disabled.
- `grid_member` (String) Member on which the tasks in this task group will be run.
- `multiple_accounts_sync_policy` (String) Discover all child accounts or Upload child account ids to discover..
- `name` (String) The name of this AWS Route53 sync task group.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the tenant's network view.
- `network_view_mapping_policy` (String) The network view mapping policy.
- `role_arn` (String) Role ARN for syncing child accounts; maximum 128 characters.
- `sync_child_accounts` (Boolean) Synchronizing child accounts is enabled or disabled.
- `task_list` (Attributes List) List of AWS Route53 tasks in this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--task_list))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The AWS Account ID associated with this task group.
- `accounts_list` (String) The AWS Account IDs list associated with this task group.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `sync_status` (String) Indicate the overall sync status of this task group.

<a id="nestedatt--task_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_list`

Optional:

- `aws_user` (String) Reference to associated AWS user whose credentials are to be used for this task.
- `credentials_type` (String) Credentials type used for connecting to the cloud management platform.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the task is enabled or disabled.
- `filter` (String) Filter for this task.
- `name` (String) The name of this task.
- `schedule_interval` (Number) Periodic interval for this task.
- `schedule_units` (String) Units for the schedule interval.
- `sync_private_zones` (Boolean) Indicates whether private zones are synchronized.
- `sync_public_zones` (Boolean) Indicates whether public zones are synchronized.

Read-Only:

- `last_run` (Number) The timestamp when the task was started last.
- `state` (String) Indicate the sync status of this task.
- `state_msg` (String) State message for the task.
- `status_timestamp` (Number) The timestamp when the last state was logged.
- `zone_count` (Number) The number of zones synchronized by this task.
