---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_range Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Manages a DHCP Range.
---

# nios_dhcp_range (Resource)

Manages a DHCP Range.

## Example Usage

```terraform
//Create a Network Range with basic fields 
resource "nios_dhcp_range" "create_range_with_basic_fields" {
  start_addr = "10.0.0.170"
  end_addr   = "10.0.0.180"
}

//Create a Network Range with additional fields 
resource "nios_dhcp_range" "create_range_with_additional_fields" {
  start_addr        = "10.0.0.190"
  end_addr          = "10.0.0.200"
  comment           = "DHCP Range with additional fields"
  network_view      = "default"
  name              = "range object"
  always_update_dns = true

  options = [
    {
      name  = "time-offset"
      num   = 2
      value = "50"
    },
    {
      name  = "dhcp-lease-time"
      num   = 51
      value = "7200"
    }
  ]
  use_options = true

  extattrs = {
    "Site" = "location-1"
  }

  nextserver     = "next_server.com"
  use_nextserver = true

  ignore_id     = "MACADDR"
  use_ignore_id = true

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `end_addr` (String) The IPv4 Address end address of the range.
- `start_addr` (String) The IPv4 Address starting address of the range.

### Optional

- `always_update_dns` (Boolean) This field controls whether only the DHCP server is allowed to update DNS, regardless of the DHCP clients requests.
- `bootfile` (String) The bootfile name for the range. You can configure the DHCP server to support clients that use the boot file name option in their DHCPREQUEST messages.
- `bootserver` (String) The bootserver address for the range. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the boot server that the host needs to boot. The boot server IPv4 Address or name in FQDN format.
- `cloud_info` (Attributes) A CloudInfo struct that contains information about the cloud provider and region for the range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `comment` (String) Comment for the range; maximum 256 characters.
- `ddns_domainname` (String) The dynamic DNS domain name the appliance uses specifically for DDNS updates for this range.
- `ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) If this field is set to True, the DHCP server generates a hostname and updates DNS with it when the DHCP client request does not contain a hostname.
- `deny_all_clients` (Boolean) If True, send NAK forcing the client to take the new address.
- `deny_bootp` (Boolean) If set to true, BOOTP settings are disabled and BOOTP requests will be denied.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a range is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the range is enabled.
- `discovery_basic_poll_settings` (Attributes) The basic polling settings for the discovery of this range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_basic_poll_settings))
- `discovery_blackout_setting` (Attributes) The blackout settings for the discovery of this range. If this is set to False, the blackout settings are not used. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_blackout_setting))
- `discovery_member` (String) The member that will run discovery for this range.
- `email_list` (List of String) The e-mail lists to which the appliance sends DHCP threshold alarm e-mail messages.
- `enable_ddns` (Boolean) The dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP range object. If set to True, the DHCP server sends DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid, and to external DNS servers.
- `enable_dhcp_thresholds` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP thresholds are enabled for the range.
- `enable_discovery` (Boolean) Determines whether a discovery is enabled or not for this range. When this is set to False, the discovery for this range is disabled.
- `enable_email_warnings` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP threshold warnings are sent through email.
- `enable_ifmap_publishing` (Boolean) Determines if IFMAP publishing is enabled for the range.
- `enable_immediate_discovery` (Boolean) Determines if the discovery for the range should be immediately enabled.
- `enable_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Set this to True if you want the DHCP server to use a different lease time for PXE clients.
- `enable_snmp_warnings` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP threshold warnings are send through SNMP.
- `exclude` (Attributes List) These are ranges of IP addresses that the appliance does not use to assign to clients. You can use these exclusion addresses as static IP addresses. They contain the start and end addresses of the exclusion range, and optionally, information about this exclusion range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclude))
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `failover_association` (String) The name of the failover association: the server in this failover association will serve the IPv4 range in case the main server is out of service. {range:range} must be set to 'FAILOVER' or 'FAILOVER_MS' if you want the failover association specified here to serve the range.
- `fingerprint_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the fingerprint filters for this DHCP range. The appliance uses matching rules in these filters to select the address range from which it assigns a lease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fingerprint_filter_rules))
- `high_water_mark` (Number) The percentage of DHCP range usage threshold above which range usage is not expected and may warrant your attention. When the high watermark is reached, the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning (if enabled). A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100.
- `high_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage of DHCP range usage below which the corresponding SNMP trap is reset. A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100. The high watermark reset value must be lower than the high watermark value.
- `ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) If this field is set to False, the appliance returns all DHCP options the client is eligible to receive, rather than only the list of options the client has requested.
- `ignore_id` (String) Indicates whether the appliance will ignore DHCP client IDs or MAC addresses. Valid values are "NONE", "CLIENT", or "MACADDR". The default is "NONE".
- `ignore_mac_addresses` (List of String) A list of MAC addresses the appliance will ignore.
- `known_clients` (String) Permission for known clients. This can be 'Allow' or 'Deny'. If set to 'Deny' known clients will be denied IP addresses. Known clients include roaming hosts and clients with fixed addresses or DHCP host entries. Unknown clients include clients that are not roaming hosts and clients that do not have fixed addresses or DHCP host entries.
- `lease_scavenge_time` (Number) An integer that specifies the period of time (in seconds) that frees and backs up leases remained in the database before they are automatically deleted. To disable lease scavenging, set the parameter to -1. The minimum positive value must be greater than 86400 seconds (1 day).
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied to this range. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the dhcpd configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logic_filter_rules))
- `low_water_mark` (Number) The percentage of DHCP range usage below which the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning (if enabled). A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100.
- `low_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage of DHCP range usage threshold below which range usage is not expected and may warrant your attention. When the low watermark is crossed, the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning (if enabled). A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100. The low watermark reset value must be higher than the low watermark value.
- `mac_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the MAC filters to be applied to this range. The appliance uses the matching rules of these filters to select the address range from which it assigns a lease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--mac_filter_rules))
- `member` (Attributes) This field contains the member that will run the DHCP service for this range. If this is not set, the range will be served by the member that is currently serving the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--member))
- `ms_options` (Attributes List) This field contains the Microsoft DHCP options for this range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_options))
- `ms_server` (Attributes) This field contains the Microsoft server that will serve this range. This is used for Microsoft failover. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_server))
- `nac_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the NAC filters to be applied to this range. The appliance uses the matching rules of these filters to select the address range from which it assigns a lease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nac_filter_rules))
- `name` (String) This field contains the name of the Microsoft scope.
- `network` (String) The network to which this range belongs, in IPv4 Address/CIDR format.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which this range resides.
- `nextserver` (String) The name in FQDN and/or IPv4 Address of the next server that the host needs to boot.
- `option_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the Option filters to be applied to this range. The appliance uses the matching rules of these filters to select the address range from which it assigns a lease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--option_filter_rules))
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `port_control_blackout_setting` (Attributes) The port control blackout settings for the range. This field is used to configure the port control blackout settings for the DHCP range. It includes information about the blackout settings, such as the start and end times of the blackout period. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_control_blackout_setting))
- `pxe_lease_time` (Number) The PXE lease time value of a DHCP Range object. Some hosts use PXE (Preboot Execution Environment) to boot remotely from a server. To better manage your IP resources, set a different lease time for PXE boot requests. You can configure the DHCP server to allocate an IP address with a shorter lease time to hosts that send PXE boot requests, so IP addresses are not leased longer than necessary. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `recycle_leases` (Boolean) If the field is set to True, the leases are kept in the Recycle Bin until one week after expiration. Otherwise, the leases are permanently deleted.
- `relay_agent_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the Relay Agent filters to be applied to this range. The appliance uses the matching rules of these filters to select the address range from which it assigns a lease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--relay_agent_filter_rules))
- `restart_if_needed` (Boolean) Restarts the member service.
- `same_port_control_discovery_blackout` (Boolean) If the field is set to True, the discovery blackout setting will be used for port control blackout setting.
- `server_association_type` (String) The type of server that is going to serve the range.
- `split_member` (Attributes) This field contains the split member that will run the DHCP service for this range. If this is not set, the range will be served by the member that is currently serving the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--split_member))
- `split_scope_exclusion_percent` (Number) This field controls the percentage used when creating a split scope. Valid values are numbers between 1 and 99. If the value is 40, it means that the top 40% of the exclusion will be created on the DHCP range assigned to {next_available_ip:next_available_ip} and the lower 60% of the range will be assigned to DHCP range assigned to {next_available_ip:next_available_ip}
- `subscribe_settings` (Attributes) The subscribe settings for the range. This field is used to configure the subscription settings for the DHCP range. It includes information about the subscription, such as the subscriber's email address and whether the subscription is enabled. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscribe_settings))
- `unknown_clients` (String) Permission for unknown clients. This can be 'Allow' or 'Deny'. If set to 'Deny', unknown clients will be denied IP addresses. Known clients include roaming hosts and clients with fixed addresses or DHCP host entries. Unknown clients include clients that are not roaming hosts and clients that do not have fixed addresses or DHCP host entries.
- `update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) This field controls whether the DHCP server updates DNS when a DHCP lease is renewed.
- `use_blackout_setting` (Boolean) Use flag for: discovery_blackout_setting , port_control_blackout_setting, same_port_control_discovery_blackout
- `use_bootfile` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootfile
- `use_bootserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootserver
- `use_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_domainname
- `use_ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_generate_hostname
- `use_deny_bootp` (Boolean) Use flag for: deny_bootp
- `use_discovery_basic_polling_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: discovery_basic_poll_settings
- `use_email_list` (Boolean) Use flag for: email_list
- `use_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ddns
- `use_enable_dhcp_thresholds` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_dhcp_thresholds
- `use_enable_discovery` (Boolean) Use flag for: discovery_member , enable_discovery
- `use_enable_ifmap_publishing` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ifmap_publishing
- `use_ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) Use flag for: ignore_dhcp_option_list_request
- `use_ignore_id` (Boolean) Use flag for: ignore_id
- `use_known_clients` (Boolean) Use flag for: known_clients
- `use_lease_scavenge_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: lease_scavenge_time
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_ms_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: ms_options
- `use_nextserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: nextserver
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: pxe_lease_time
- `use_recycle_leases` (Boolean) Use flag for: recycle_leases
- `use_subscribe_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: subscribe_settings
- `use_unknown_clients` (Boolean) Use flag for: unknown_clients
- `use_update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) Use flag for: update_dns_on_lease_renewal

### Read-Only

- `dhcp_utilization` (Number) The percentage of the total DHCP utilization of the range multiplied by 1000. This is the percentage of the total number of available IP addresses belonging to the range versus the total number of all IP addresses in the range.
- `dhcp_utilization_status` (String) A string describing the utilization level of the range.
- `discover_now_status` (String) Discover now status for this range.
- `dynamic_hosts` (Number) The total number of DHCP leases issued for the range.
- `endpoint_sources` (List of String) The endpoints that provides data for the DHCP Range object.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `is_split_scope` (Boolean) This field will be 'true' if this particular range is part of a split scope.
- `ms_ad_user_data` (Attributes) This field contains the Microsoft AD user data for this range. This data is used to create a user in the Microsoft AD when a lease is assigned to a host in this range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_ad_user_data))
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `static_hosts` (Number) The number of static DHCP addresses configured in the range.
- `template` (String) If set on creation, the range will be created according to the values specified in the named template.
- `total_hosts` (Number) The total number of DHCP addresses configured in the range.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Optional:

- `delegated_member` (Attributes) This field contains the delegated member that will run the DHCP service for this range. If this is not set, the range will be served by the member that is currently serving the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name



<a id="nestedatt--discovery_basic_poll_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_basic_poll_settings`

Optional:

- `auto_arp_refresh_before_switch_port_polling` (Boolean) Determines whether auto ARP refresh before switch port polling is enabled or not.
- `cli_collection` (Boolean) Determines whether CLI collection is enabled or not.
- `complete_ping_sweep` (Boolean) Determines whether complete ping sweep is enabled or not.
- `credential_group` (String) Credential group.
- `device_profile` (Boolean) Determines whether device profile is enabled or not.
- `netbios_scanning` (Boolean) Determines whether netbios scanning is enabled or not.
- `polling_frequency_modifier` (String) Polling Frequency Modifier.
- `port_scanning` (Boolean) Determines whether port scanning is enabled or not.
- `smart_subnet_ping_sweep` (Boolean) Determines whether smart subnet ping sweep is enabled or not.
- `snmp_collection` (Boolean) Determines whether SNMP collection is enabled or not.
- `switch_port_data_collection_polling` (String) A switch port data collection polling mode.
- `switch_port_data_collection_polling_interval` (Number) Indicates the interval for switch port data collection polling.
- `switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule` (Attributes) This field contains the switch port data collection polling schedule. This is used to configure the schedule for switch port data collection polling. It includes information about the start and end times of the polling period, as well as the frequency of polling. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_basic_poll_settings--switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule))
- `use_global_polling_frequency_modifier` (Boolean) Use Global Polling Frequency Modifier.

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_basic_poll_settings--switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_basic_poll_settings.switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--discovery_blackout_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_blackout_setting`

Optional:

- `blackout_duration` (Number) The blackout duration in seconds; minimum value is 1 minute.
- `blackout_schedule` (Attributes) The blackout schedule for the range. This field is used to configure the blackout schedule for the DHCP range. It includes information about the start and end times of the blackout period, as well as the frequency of blackout. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule))
- `enable_blackout` (Boolean) Determines whether a blackout is enabled or not.

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_blackout_setting.blackout_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--exclude"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclude`

Required:

- `end_address` (String) The IPv4 Address ending address of the exclusion range.
- `start_address` (String) The IPv4 Address starting address of the exclusion range.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the exclusion range; maximum 256 characters.


<a id="nestedatt--fingerprint_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fingerprint_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The name of the DHCP filter.
- `permission` (String) The permission to be applied.


<a id="nestedatt--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--mac_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `mac_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The name of the DHCP filter.
- `permission` (String) The permission to be applied.


<a id="nestedatt--member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name


<a id="nestedatt--ms_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_options`

Required:

- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the DHCP option.
- `user_class` (String) The name of the user class with which this DHCP option is associated.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the vendor class with which this DHCP option is associated.

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The DHCP option type. Valid values are: * "16-bit signed integer" * "16-bit unsigned integer" * "32-bit signed integer" * "32-bit unsigned integer" * "64-bit unsigned integer" * "8-bit signed integer" * "8-bit unsigned integer (1,2,4,8)" * "8-bit unsigned integer" * "array of 16-bit integer" * "array of 16-bit unsigned integer" * "array of 32-bit integer" * "array of 32-bit unsigned integer" * "array of 64-bit unsigned integer" * "array of 8-bit integer" * "array of 8-bit unsigned integer" * "array of ip-address pair" * "array of ip-address" * "array of string" * "binary" * "boolean array of ip-address" * "boolean" * "boolean-text" * "domain-list" * "domain-name" * "encapsulated" * "ip-address" * "string" * "text"


<a id="nestedatt--ms_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_server`

Required:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address or FQDN of the Microsoft server.


<a id="nestedatt--nac_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nac_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The name of the DHCP filter.
- `permission` (String) The permission to be applied.


<a id="nestedatt--option_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `option_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The name of the DHCP filter.
- `permission` (String) The permission to be applied.


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.


<a id="nestedatt--port_control_blackout_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_control_blackout_setting`

Optional:

- `blackout_duration` (Number) The blackout duration in seconds; minimum value is 1 minute.
- `blackout_schedule` (Attributes) The schedule for the blackout period. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_control_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule))
- `enable_blackout` (Boolean) Determines whether a blackout is enabled or not.

<a id="nestedatt--port_control_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_control_blackout_setting.blackout_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--relay_agent_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `relay_agent_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The name of the DHCP filter.
- `permission` (String) The permission to be applied.


<a id="nestedatt--split_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `split_member`

Required:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address or FQDN of the Microsoft server.


<a id="nestedatt--subscribe_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscribe_settings`

Optional:

- `enabled_attributes` (List of String) The list of Cisco ISE attributes allowed for subscription.
- `mapped_ea_attributes` (Attributes List) The list of NIOS extensible attributes to Cisco ISE attributes mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscribe_settings.mapped_ea_attributes`

Required:

- `mapped_ea` (String) The name of the extensible attribute definition object the Cisco ISE attribute that is enabled for subscription is mapped on.
- `name` (String) The Cisco ISE attribute name that is enabled for publishsing from a Cisco ISE endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--ms_ad_user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_ad_user_data`

Read-Only:

- `active_users_count` (Number) The number of active users.
