---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_filtermac Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Manages a DHCP MAC Address Filter.
---

# nios_dhcp_filtermac (Resource)

Manages a DHCP MAC Address Filter.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create Filter MAC with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dhcp_filtermac" "mac_filter_basic_fields" {
  name = "mac_filter_example"
}

// Create Filter MAC with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dhcp_filtermac" "mac_filter_additional_fields" {
  name                           = "mac_filter_example_2"
  lease_time                     = 7200
  enforce_expiration_times       = true
  default_mac_address_expiration = 1440
  never_expires                  = false
  reserved_for_infoblox          = "Updated_Reserved_For_Infoblox_Value"

  // Extensible Attributes
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Create another filtermac resource with dhcp option dhcp_lease_time
resource "nios_dhcp_filtermac" "mac_filter_with_option" {
  name = "mac_filter_with_option"
  options = [
    {
      name  = "dhcp-lease-time"
      num   = 51
      value = "3600"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of a DHCP MAC Filter object.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) The descriptive comment of a DHCP MAC Filter object.
- `default_mac_address_expiration` (Number) The default MAC expiration time of the DHCP MAC Address Filter object. By default, the MAC address filter never expires; otherwise, it is the absolute interval when the MAC address filter expires. The maximum value can extend up to 4294967295 secs. The minimum value is 60 secs (1 min).
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the DHCP MAC Filter object is disabled or not.
- `enforce_expiration_times` (Boolean) The flag to enforce MAC address expiration of the DHCP MAC Address Filter object.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `lease_time` (Number) The length of time the DHCP server leases an IP address to a client. The lease time applies to hosts that meet the filter criteria.
- `never_expires` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP MAC Filter never expires or automatically expires.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `reserved_for_infoblox` (String) This is reserved for writing comments related to the particular MAC address filter. The length of comment cannot exceed 1024 bytes.

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
