---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_roaminghost Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Manages a DHCP Roaminghost.
---

# nios_dhcp_roaminghost (Resource)

Manages a DHCP Roaminghost.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create a DHCP Roaminghost with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dhcp_roaminghost" "dhcp_roaminghost_basic" {
  name         = "roaming-host-1"
  match_client = "MAC_ADDRESS"
  mac          = "00:11:22:33:44:55"
}

// Create a DHCP Roaminghost with Address Type set to IPv6 and ipv6_match_option as V6_MAC_ADDRESS
resource "nios_dhcp_roaminghost" "dhcp_roaminghost_with_additional_fields" {
  name              = "roaming-host-2"
  address_type      = "IPV6"
  ipv6_match_option = "V6_MAC_ADDRESS"
  ipv6_mac_address  = "00:a1:b2:c3:44:55"
}

// Create a DHCP Roaminghost with Address Type IPv4 and match_client as CLIENT_ID
resource "nios_dhcp_roaminghost" "dhcp_roaminghost_ipv4_client_id" {
  name                   = "roaming-host-3"
  address_type           = "IPV4"
  match_client           = "CLIENT_ID"
  dhcp_client_identifier = "client-identifier-123"
}

// Create a DHCP Roaminghost with Address Type IPv6 and ipv6_match_option as DUID
resource "nios_dhcp_roaminghost" "dhcp_roaminghost_ipv6_duid" {
  name              = "roaming-host-4"
  address_type      = "IPV6"
  ipv6_match_option = "DUID"
  ipv6_duid         = "00:03:00:01:26:9e:5b:4c:00:11:22:33:44:55"
}

// Create a DHCP Roaminghost with Address Type set to BOTH and various additional fields
resource "nios_dhcp_roaminghost" "dhcp_roaminghost_address_type_both" {
  name              = "roaming-host-5"
  address_type      = "BOTH"
  match_client      = "MAC_ADDRESS"
  mac               = "66:77:88:99:aa:bb"
  ipv6_match_option = "V6_MAC_ADDRESS"
  ipv6_mac_address  = "00:b1:c2:d3:e4:f5"

  // Additional fields
  comment = "Roaminghost managed by Terraform"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }

  options = [
    {
      num : 51
      value : "7200"
    },
    {
      name : "subnet-mask"
      value : "1.1.1.1"
    },
  ]
  use_options = true

  bootserver     = "example.com"
  use_bootserver = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this roaming host.

### Optional

- `address_type` (String) The address type for this roaming host.
- `bootfile` (String) The bootfile name for the roaming host. You can configure the DHCP server to support clients that use the boot file name option in their DHCPREQUEST messages.
- `bootserver` (String) The boot server address for the roaming host. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the boot server that the host needs to boot. The boot server IPv4 Address or name in FQDN format.
- `client_identifier_prepend_zero` (Boolean) This field controls whether there is a prepend for the dhcp-client-identifier of a roaming host.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the roaming host; maximum 256 characters.
- `ddns_domainname` (String) The DDNS domain name for this roaming host.
- `ddns_hostname` (String) The DDNS host name for this roaming host.
- `deny_bootp` (Boolean) If set to true, BOOTP settings are disabled and BOOTP requests will be denied.
- `dhcp_client_identifier` (String) The DHCP client ID for the roaming host.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a roaming host is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the roaming host is enabled.
- `enable_ddns` (Boolean) The dynamic DNS updates flag of the roaming host object. If set to True, the DHCP server sends DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid, and to external DNS servers.
- `enable_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Set this to True if you want the DHCP server to use a different lease time for PXE clients.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `force_roaming_hostname` (Boolean) Set this to True to use the roaming host name as its ddns_hostname.
- `ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) If this field is set to False, the appliance returns all the DHCP options the client is eligible to receive, rather than only the list of options the client has requested.
- `ipv6_ddns_domainname` (String) The IPv6 DDNS domain name for this roaming host.
- `ipv6_ddns_hostname` (String) The IPv6 DDNS host name for this roaming host.
- `ipv6_domain_name` (String) The IPv6 domain name for this roaming host.
- `ipv6_domain_name_servers` (List of String) The IPv6 addresses of DNS recursive name servers to which the DHCP client can send name resolution requests. The DHCP server includes this information in the DNS Recursive Name Server option in Advertise, Rebind, Information-Request, and Reply messages.
- `ipv6_duid` (String) The DUID value for this roaming host.
- `ipv6_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Set this to True to enable IPv6 DDNS.
- `ipv6_force_roaming_hostname` (Boolean) Set this to True to use the roaming host name as its ddns_hostname.
- `ipv6_mac_address` (String) The MAC address for this roaming host.
- `ipv6_match_option` (String) The identification method for an IPv6 or mixed IPv4/IPv6 roaming host. The supported values for this field are "DUID" or "V6_MAC_ADDRESS", which specify what option should be used to identify the specific DHCPv6 client.
- `ipv6_options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipv6_options))
- `ipv6_template` (String) If set on creation, the roaming host will be created according to the values specified in the named IPv6 roaming host template.
- `mac` (String) The MAC address for this roaming host.
- `match_client` (String) The match-client value for this roaming host. Valid values are: "MAC_ADDRESS": The fixed IP address is leased to the matching MAC address. "CLIENT_ID": The fixed IP address is leased to the matching DHCP client identifier.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which this roaming host resides.
- `nextserver` (String) The name in FQDN and/or IPv4 Address format of the next server that the host needs to boot.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `preferred_lifetime` (Number) The preferred lifetime value for this roaming host object.
- `pxe_lease_time` (Number) The PXE lease time value for this roaming host object. Some hosts use PXE (Preboot Execution Environment) to boot remotely from a server. To better manage your IP resources, set a different lease time for PXE boot requests. You can configure the DHCP server to allocate an IP address with a shorter lease time to hosts that send PXE boot requests, so IP addresses are not leased longer than necessary. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `template` (String) If set on creation, the roaming host will be created according to the values specified in the named template.
- `use_bootfile` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootfile
- `use_bootserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootserver
- `use_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_domainname
- `use_deny_bootp` (Boolean) Use flag for: deny_bootp
- `use_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ddns
- `use_ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) Use flag for: ignore_dhcp_option_list_request
- `use_ipv6_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipv6_ddns_domainname
- `use_ipv6_domain_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipv6_domain_name
- `use_ipv6_domain_name_servers` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipv6_domain_name_servers
- `use_ipv6_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipv6_enable_ddns
- `use_ipv6_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipv6_options
- `use_nextserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: nextserver
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_preferred_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: preferred_lifetime
- `use_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: pxe_lease_time
- `use_valid_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: valid_lifetime
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) The valid lifetime value for this roaming host object.

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ipv6_client_hostname` (String) The client hostname of a DHCP roaming host object. This field specifies the host name that the DHCP client sends to the Infoblox appliance using DHCP option 12.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--ipv6_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipv6_options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
