---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_ipv6fixedaddresstemplate Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Manages a DHCP IPv6 Fixed Address Template.
---

# nios_dhcp_ipv6fixedaddresstemplate (Resource)

Manages a DHCP IPv6 Fixed Address Template.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create a DHCP IPv6 Fixed Address Template with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dhcp_ipv6fixedaddresstemplate" "basic" {
  name = "example_ipv6_fixed_address_template_1"
}

// Create a DHCP IPv6 Fixed Address Template with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dhcp_ipv6fixedaddresstemplate" "additional_fields" {
  name = "example_ipv6_fixed_address_template_2"
  // Additional Fields
  comment         = "IPv6 Fixed Address Template Created by Terraform"
  domain_name     = "example.com"
  use_domain_name = true
  options = [
    {
      name  = "dhcp-lease-time"
      num   = "51"
      value = "5000"
    }
  ]
  use_options        = true
  valid_lifetime     = 5000
  use_valid_lifetime = true
  extattrs = {
    "Site" = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of an IPv6 fixed address template object.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment of an IPv6 fixed address template object.
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name of the IPv6 fixed address template object.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) The IPv6 addresses of DNS recursive name servers to which the DHCP client can send name resolution requests. The DHCP server includes this information in the DNS Recursive Name Server option in Advertise, Rebind, Information-Request, and Reply messages.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied to this IPv6 fixed address. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the DHCPv6 configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logic_filter_rules))
- `number_of_addresses` (Number) The number of IPv6 addresses for this fixed address.
- `offset` (Number) The start address offset for this IPv6 fixed address.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `preferred_lifetime` (Number) The preferred lifetime value for this DHCP IPv6 fixed address template object.
- `use_domain_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name
- `use_domain_name_servers` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name_servers
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_preferred_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: preferred_lifetime
- `use_valid_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: valid_lifetime
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) The valid lifetime value for this DHCP IPv6 fixed address template object.

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
