---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_ipv6_range_template Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Manages an IPV6 Range Template.
---

# nios_dhcp_ipv6_range_template (Resource)

Manages an IPV6 Range Template.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create an IPV6 DHCP Range Template with required Fields
resource "nios_dhcp_ipv6_range_template" "ipv6_range_template_required_fields" {
  name                = "example_range_template"
  number_of_addresses = 10
  offset              = 20
  // add `cloud_api_compatible = true` if Terraform Internal ID extensible attribute has cloud access
  cloud_api_compatible = false
}

// Create an IPV6 DHCP Range Template with additional Fields
resource "nios_dhcp_ipv6_range_template" "ipv6_range_template_additional_fields" {
  name                = "example_range_template_additional_fields"
  number_of_addresses = 100
  offset              = 200
  // add `cloud_api_compatible = true` if Terraform Internal ID extensible attribute has cloud access
  cloud_api_compatible    = true
  comment                 = "Example comment for ipv6 range template"
  server_association_type = "MEMBER"
  exclude = [
    {
      number_of_addresses = 10
      offset              = 20
      comment             = "Example comment for range template exclude"
    }
  ]
  member = {
    ipv4addr = "172.28.82.185"
    name     = "infoblox.member"
  }
  delegated_member = {
    ipv4addr = "172.28.82.185"
    name     = "infoblox.member"
  }
  use_logic_filter_rules = true
  logic_filter_rules = [
    {
      "filter" = "ipv6_option_filter"
      "type"   = "Option"
    }
  ]
  option_filter_rules = [
    {
      "filter"     = "ipv6_option_filter1"
      "permission" = "Deny"
    }
  ]
  recycle_leases     = false
  use_recycle_leases = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the IPv6 DHCP range template.
- `number_of_addresses` (Number) The number of addresses for the IPv6 DHCP range.
- `offset` (Number) The start address offset for the IPv6 DHCP range.

### Optional

- `cloud_api_compatible` (Boolean) Determines whether the IPv6 DHCP range template can be used to create network objects in a cloud-computing deployment.
- `comment` (String) The IPv6 DHCP range template descriptive comment.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The vConnector member that the object should be delegated to when created from the IPv6 DHCP range template. The vConnector refers to VMware vConnector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delegated_member))
- `exclude` (Attributes List) These are ranges of IPv6 addresses that the appliance does not use to assign to clients. You can use these excluded addresses as static IPv6 addresses. They contain the start and end addresses of the excluded range, and optionally, information about this excluded range. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exclude))
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on this IPv6 range. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the DHCPv6 configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logic_filter_rules))
- `member` (Attributes) The member that will provide service for the IPv6 DHCP range. Set `server_association_type` to `MEMBER` if you want the server specified here to serve the range. For searching by this field, use an HTTP method that contains a body (POST or PUT) with MS DHCP server structure and the request should have option _method=GET. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--member))
- `option_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the Option filters to be applied to this IPv6 range. The appliance uses the matching rules of these filters to select the address range from which it assigns a lease. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--option_filter_rules))
- `recycle_leases` (Boolean) Determines whether the leases are kept in Recycle Bin until one week after expiry. If this is set to False, the leases are permanently deleted.
- `server_association_type` (String) The type of server that is going to serve the IPv6 DHCP range.
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_recycle_leases` (Boolean) Use flag for: recycle_leases

### Read-Only

- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name


<a id="nestedatt--exclude"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exclude`

Required:

- `number_of_addresses` (Number) The number of addresses in the DHCP exclusion range template.
- `offset` (Number) The address offset of the DHCP exclusion range template.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) A descriptive comment of a DHCP exclusion range template.


<a id="nestedatt--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name


<a id="nestedatt--option_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `option_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The name of the DHCP filter.
- `permission` (String) The permission to be applied.
