---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dhcp_fixed_address Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DHCP"
description: |-
  Manages a Fixed Address.
---

# nios_dhcp_fixed_address (Resource)

Manages a Fixed Address.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create Fixed Address with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dhcp_fixed_address" "create_address_basic" {
  ipv4addr     = "16.0.0.10"
  match_client = "MAC_ADDRESS"
  mac          = "00:1a:2b:3c:4d:5e"

  // Extensible Attributes
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Create Fixed Address with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dhcp_fixed_address" "create_address_additional" {
  // Basic Fields
  ipv4addr     = "16.0.0.20"
  match_client = "MAC_ADDRESS"
  mac          = "00:6a:7b:8c:9d:5e"

  // Additional Fields
  comment = "Fixed Address created with additional fields"

  bootfile     = "pxelinux.0"
  use_bootfile = true

  enable_ddns     = true
  use_enable_ddns = true

  pxe_lease_time     = 3600
  use_pxe_lease_time = true

  device_location = "APJ"
  device_type     = "Server"

  options = [
    {
      name  = "time-offset"
      value = "50"
    },
    {
      name  = "dhcp-lease-time"
      value = "7200"
    }
  ]

  // Extensible Attributes
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-2"
  }
}

// Create Fixed Address using function call to retrieve ipv4addr
resource "nios_dhcp_fixed_address" "create__address_with_func_call" {
  match_client     = "CIRCUIT_ID"
  agent_circuit_id = 250
  func_call = {
    attribute_name  = "ipv4addr"
    object_function = "next_available_ip"
    result_field    = "ips"
    object          = "network"
    object_parameters = {
      network      = "16.0.0.0/24"
      network_view = "default"
    }
  }
  comment = "Fixed Address created with ipv4addr retrieved via function call"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `match_client` (String) The match_client value for this fixed address. Valid values are: "MAC_ADDRESS": The fixed IP address is leased to the matching MAC address. "CLIENT_ID": The fixed IP address is leased to the matching DHCP client identifier. "RESERVED": The fixed IP address is reserved for later use with a MAC address that only has zeros. "CIRCUIT_ID": The fixed IP address is leased to the DHCP client with a matching circuit ID. Note that the "agent_circuit_id" field must be set in this case. "REMOTE_ID": The fixed IP address is leased to the DHCP client with a matching remote ID. Note that the "agent_remote_id" field must be set in this case.

### Optional

- `agent_circuit_id` (String) The agent circuit ID for the fixed address.
- `agent_remote_id` (String) The agent remote ID for the fixed address.
- `allow_telnet` (Boolean) This field controls whether the credential is used for both the Telnet and SSH credentials. If set to False, the credential is used only for SSH.
- `always_update_dns` (Boolean) This field controls whether only the DHCP server is allowed to update DNS, regardless of the DHCP client requests.
- `bootfile` (String) The bootfile name for the fixed address. You can configure the DHCP server to support clients that use the boot file name option in their DHCPREQUEST messages.
- `bootserver` (String) The bootserver address for the fixed address. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the boot server that the host needs to boot. The boot server IPv4 Address or name in FQDN format.
- `cli_credentials` (Attributes List) The CLI credentials for the fixed address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cli_credentials))
- `client_identifier_prepend_zero` (Boolean) This field controls whether there is a prepend for the dhcp-client-identifier of a fixed address.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the fixed address; maximum 256 characters.
- `ddns_domainname` (String) The dynamic DNS domain name the appliance uses specifically for DDNS updates for this fixed address.
- `ddns_hostname` (String) The DDNS host name for this fixed address.
- `deny_bootp` (Boolean) If set to true, BOOTP settings are disabled and BOOTP requests will be denied.
- `device_description` (String) The description of the device.
- `device_location` (String) The location of the device.
- `device_type` (String) The type of the device.
- `device_vendor` (String) The vendor of the device.
- `dhcp_client_identifier` (String) The DHCP client ID for the fixed address.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a fixed address is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the fixed address is enabled.
- `disable_discovery` (Boolean) Determines if the discovery for this fixed address is disabled or not. False means that the discovery is enabled.
- `enable_ddns` (Boolean) The dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP Fixed Address object. If set to True, the DHCP server sends DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid, and to external DNS servers.
- `enable_immediate_discovery` (Boolean) Determines if the discovery for the fixed address should be immediately enabled.
- `enable_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Set this to True if you want the DHCP server to use a different lease time for PXE clients.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `func_call` (Attributes) Function call to be executed for Fixed Address (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--func_call))
- `ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) If this field is set to False, the appliance returns all DHCP options the client is eligible to receive, rather than only the list of options the client has requested.
- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the record.
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on the this fixed address. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the dhcpd configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logic_filter_rules))
- `mac` (String) The MAC address value for this fixed address.
- `ms_options` (Attributes List) This field contains the Microsoft DHCP options for this fixed address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_options))
- `ms_server` (Attributes) The Microsoft server associated with this fixed address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_server))
- `name` (String) This field contains the name of this fixed address.
- `network` (String) The network to which this fixed address belongs, in IPv4 Address/CIDR format.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which this fixed address resides.
- `nextserver` (String) The name in FQDN and/or IPv4 Address format of the next server that the host needs to boot.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `pxe_lease_time` (Number) The PXE lease time value for a DHCP Fixed Address object. Some hosts use PXE (Preboot Execution Environment) to boot remotely from a server. To better manage your IP resources, set a different lease time for PXE boot requests. You can configure the DHCP server to allocate an IP address with a shorter lease time to hosts that send PXE boot requests, so IP addresses are not leased longer than necessary. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `reserved_interface` (String) The ref to the reserved interface to which the device belongs.
- `restart_if_needed` (Boolean) Restarts the member service. The restart_if_needed flag can trigger a restart on DHCP services only when it is enabled on CP member.
- `snmp3_credential` (Attributes) The SNMPv3 credential for this fixed address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp3_credential))
- `snmp_credential` (Attributes) The SNMP credential for this fixed address. If set to true, the SNMP credential will override member-level settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snmp_credential))
- `template` (String) If set on creation, the fixed address will be created according to the values specified in the named template.
- `use_bootfile` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootfile
- `use_bootserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootserver
- `use_cli_credentials` (Boolean) If set to true, the CLI credential will override member-level settings.
- `use_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_domainname
- `use_deny_bootp` (Boolean) Use flag for: deny_bootp
- `use_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ddns
- `use_ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) Use flag for: ignore_dhcp_option_list_request
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_ms_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: ms_options
- `use_nextserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: nextserver
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: pxe_lease_time
- `use_snmp3_credential` (Boolean) Determines if the SNMPv3 credential should be used for the fixed address.
- `use_snmp_credential` (Boolean) If set to true, the SNMP credential will override member-level settings.

### Read-Only

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) Structure containing all cloud API related information for this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `discover_now_status` (String) The discovery status of this fixed address.
- `discovered_data` (Attributes) The discovered data for this fixed address. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovered_data))
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `is_invalid_mac` (Boolean) This flag reflects whether the MAC address for this fixed address is invalid.
- `ms_ad_user_data` (Attributes) The Microsoft Active Directory user related information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_ad_user_data))
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cli_credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cli_credentials`

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The comment for the credential.
- `credential_group` (String) Group for the CLI credential.
- `credential_type` (String) The type of the credential.
- `password` (String) The CLI password.
- `user` (String) The CLI user name.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The Credentials ID.


<a id="nestedatt--func_call"></a>
### Nested Schema for `func_call`

Required:

- `attribute_name` (String) The attribute to be called.

Optional:

- `object` (String) The object to be called.
- `object_function` (String) The function to be called.
- `object_parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the object.
- `parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the function.
- `result_field` (String) The result field of the function.


<a id="nestedatt--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--ms_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_options`

Required:

- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option.

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `user_class` (String) The name of the user class with which this DHCP option is associated.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the vendor class with which this DHCP option is associated.

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The DHCP option type. Valid values are: * "16-bit signed integer" * "16-bit unsigned integer" * "32-bit signed integer" * "32-bit unsigned integer" * "64-bit unsigned integer" * "8-bit signed integer" * "8-bit unsigned integer (1,2,4,8)" * "8-bit unsigned integer" * "array of 16-bit integer" * "array of 16-bit unsigned integer" * "array of 32-bit integer" * "array of 32-bit unsigned integer" * "array of 64-bit unsigned integer" * "array of 8-bit integer" * "array of 8-bit unsigned integer" * "array of ip-address pair" * "array of ip-address" * "array of string" * "binary" * "boolean array of ip-address" * "boolean" * "boolean-text" * "domain-list" * "domain-name" * "encapsulated" * "ip-address" * "string" * "text"


<a id="nestedatt--ms_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_server`

Required:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address or FQDN of the Microsoft server.


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.


<a id="nestedatt--snmp3_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp3_credential`

Optional:

- `authentication_password` (String) Authentication password for the SNMPv3 user.
- `authentication_protocol` (String) Authentication protocol for the SNMPv3 user.
- `comment` (String) Comments for the SNMPv3 user.
- `credential_group` (String) Group for the SNMPv3 credential.
- `privacy_password` (String) Privacy password for the SNMPv3 user.
- `privacy_protocol` (String) Privacy protocol for the SNMPv3 user.
- `user` (String) The SNMPv3 user name.


<a id="nestedatt--snmp_credential"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snmp_credential`

Required:

- `community_string` (String) The public community string.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comments for the SNMPv1 and SNMPv2 users.
- `credential_group` (String) Group for the SNMPv1 and SNMPv2 credential.


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name



<a id="nestedatt--discovered_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovered_data`

Read-Only:

- `ap_ip_address` (String) Discovered IP address of Wireless Access Point.
- `ap_name` (String) Discovered name of Wireless Access Point.
- `ap_ssid` (String) Service set identifier (SSID) associated with Wireless Access Point.
- `bgp_as` (Number) The BGP autonomous system number.
- `bridge_domain` (String) Discovered bridge domain.
- `cisco_ise_endpoint_profile` (String) The Endpoint Profile created in Cisco ISE.
- `cisco_ise_security_group` (String) The Cisco ISE security group name.
- `cisco_ise_session_state` (String) The Cisco ISE connection session state.
- `cisco_ise_ssid` (String) The Cisco ISE SSID.
- `cmp_type` (String) If the IP is coming from a Cloud environment, the Cloud Management Platform type.
- `device_contact` (String) Contact information from device on which the IP address was discovered.
- `device_location` (String) Location of device on which the IP address was discovered.
- `device_model` (String) The model name of the end device in the vendor terminology.
- `device_port_name` (String) The system name of the interface associated with the discovered IP address.
- `device_port_type` (String) The hardware type of the interface associated with the discovered IP address.
- `device_type` (String) The type of end host in vendor terminology.
- `device_vendor` (String) The vendor name of the end host.
- `discovered_name` (String) The name of the network device associated with the discovered IP address.
- `discoverer` (String) Specifies whether the IP address was discovered by a NetMRI or NIOS discovery process.
- `duid` (String) For IPv6 address only. The DHCP unique identifier of the discovered host. This is an optional field, and data might not be included.
- `endpoint_groups` (String) A comma-separated list of the discovered endpoint groups.
- `first_discovered` (Number) The date and time the IP address was first discovered in Epoch seconds format.
- `iprg_no` (Number) The port redundant group number.
- `iprg_state` (String) The status for the IP address within port redundant group.
- `iprg_type` (String) The port redundant group type.
- `last_discovered` (Number) The date and time the IP address was last discovered in Epoch seconds format.
- `mac_address` (String) The discovered MAC address for the host. This is the unique identifier of a network device. The discovery acquires the MAC address for hosts that are located on the same network as the Grid member that is running the discovery. This can also be the MAC address of a virtual entity on a specified vSphere server.
- `mgmt_ip_address` (String) The management IP address of the end host that has more than one IP.
- `netbios_name` (String) The name returned in the NetBIOS reply or the name you manually register for the discovered host.
- `network_component_contact` (String) Contact information from the network component on which the IP address was discovered.
- `network_component_description` (String) A textual description of the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_ip` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_location` (String) Location of the network component on which the IP address was discovered.
- `network_component_model` (String) Model name of the switch port connected to the end host in vendor terminology.
- `network_component_name` (String) If a reverse lookup was successful for the IP address associated with this switch, the host name is displayed in this field.
- `network_component_port_description` (String) A textual description of the switch port that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_port_name` (String) The name of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `network_component_port_number` (String) The number of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `network_component_type` (String) Identifies the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_vendor` (String) The vendor name of the switch port connected to the end host.
- `open_ports` (String) The list of opened ports on the IP address, represented as: "TCP: 21,22,23 UDP: 137,139". Limited to max total 1000 ports.
- `os` (String) The operating system of the detected host or virtual entity. The OS can be one of the following: * Microsoft for all discovered hosts that have a non-null value in the MAC addresses using the NetBIOS discovery method. * A value that a TCP discovery returns. * The OS of a virtual entity on a vSphere server.
- `port_duplex` (String) The negotiated or operational duplex setting of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `port_link_status` (String) The link status of the switch port connected to the end device. Indicates whether it is connected.
- `port_speed` (String) The interface speed, in Mbps, of the switch port.
- `port_status` (String) The operational status of the switch port. Indicates whether the port is up or down.
- `port_type` (String) The type of switch port.
- `port_vlan_description` (String) The description of the VLAN of the switch port that is connected to the end device.
- `port_vlan_name` (String) The name of the VLAN of the switch port.
- `port_vlan_number` (String) The ID of the VLAN of the switch port.
- `task_name` (String) The name of the discovery task.
- `tenant` (String) Discovered tenant.
- `v_adapter` (String) The name of the physical network adapter through which the virtual entity is connected to the appliance.
- `v_cluster` (String) The name of the VMware cluster to which the virtual entity belongs.
- `v_datacenter` (String) The name of the vSphere datacenter or container to which the virtual entity belongs.
- `v_entity_name` (String) The name of the virtual entity.
- `v_entity_type` (String) The virtual entity type. This can be blank or one of the following: Virtual Machine, Virtual Host, or Virtual Center. Virtual Center represents a VMware vCenter server.
- `v_host` (String) The name of the VMware server on which the virtual entity was discovered.
- `v_switch` (String) The name of the switch to which the virtual entity is connected.
- `vlan_port_group` (String) Port group which the virtual machine belongs to.
- `vmhost_ip_address` (String) IP address of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_mac_address` (String) MAC address of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_name` (String) Name of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_nic_names` (String) List of all physical port names used by the virtual switch on the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted. Represented as: "eth1,eth2,eth3".
- `vmhost_subnet_cidr` (Number) CIDR subnet of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmi_id` (String) ID of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_ip_type` (String) Discovered IP address type.
- `vmi_is_public_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether the IP address is a public address.
- `vmi_name` (String) Name of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_private_address` (String) Private IP address of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_tenant_id` (String) ID of the tenant which virtual machine belongs to.
- `vport_conf_mode` (String) Configured mode of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_conf_speed` (String) Configured speed of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to. Unit is kb.
- `vport_link_status` (String) Link status of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_mac_address` (String) MAC address of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_mode` (String) Actual mode of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_name` (String) Name of the network adapter on the virtual switch connected with the virtual machine.
- `vport_speed` (String) Actual speed of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to. Unit is kb.
- `vrf_description` (String) Description of the VRF.
- `vrf_name` (String) The name of the VRF.
- `vrf_rd` (String) Route distinguisher of the VRF.
- `vswitch_available_ports_count` (Number) Numer of available ports reported by the virtual switch on which the virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_id` (String) ID of the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates the virtual switch has IPV6 enabled.
- `vswitch_name` (String) Name of the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_segment_id` (String) ID of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_name` (String) Name of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_port_group` (String) Port group of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_type` (String) Type of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_tep_dhcp_server` (String) DHCP server of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_ip` (String) IP address of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_multicast` (String) Muticast address of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual swtich.
- `vswitch_tep_port_group` (String) Port group of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_type` (String) Type of virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_vlan` (String) VLAN of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_type` (String) Type of the virtual switch: standard or distributed.


<a id="nestedatt--ms_ad_user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_ad_user_data`

Read-Only:

- `active_users_count` (Number) The number of active users.
