---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_svcb Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages a SVCB Record.
---

# nios_dns_record_svcb (Resource)

Manages a SVCB Record.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create an Auth Zone (Required as Parent)
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "parent_auth_zone" {
  fqdn        = "example1.com"
  zone_format = "FORWARD"
  view        = "default"
  comment     = "Parent zone for SVCB records"
}

// Create Record SVCB with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_svcb" "record_svcb_basic_fields" {
  name        = "example-svcb-record.${nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_auth_zone.fqdn}"
  target_name = "example.target.${nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_auth_zone.fqdn}"
  priority    = 10
}

// Create Record SVCB with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_svcb" "record_svcb_additional_fields" {
  name        = "example-svcb-record-1.${nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_auth_zone.fqdn}"
  target_name = "example_updated.target.${nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_auth_zone.fqdn}"
  priority    = 20

  // Additional Fields
  creator            = "DYNAMIC"
  comment            = "Example SVCB record"
  ddns_principal     = "example_principal"
  ddns_protected     = true
  disable            = false
  forbid_reclamation = true
  svc_parameters = [
    {
      "mandatory" : false,
      "svc_key" : "alpn",
      "svc_value" : [
        "123",
        "145"
      ]
    },
    {
      "mandatory" : false,
      "svc_key" : "no_default_alpn",
      "svc_value" : [
        "True"
      ]
    },
    {
      "mandatory" : true,
      "svc_key" : "port",
      "svc_value" : [
        "110"
      ]
    },
    {
      "mandatory" : false,
      "svc_key" : "ipv4hint",
      "svc_value" : [
        "11.11.1.1"
      ]
    },
    {
      "mandatory" : false,
      "svc_key" : "ipv6hint",
      "svc_value" : [
        "123::99:0"
      ]
    }
  ]
  view    = "default"
  use_ttl = true
  ttl     = 10

  // Extensible Attributes
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-2"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for a SVCB record in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format. Regular expression search is not supported for unicode values.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the SVCB record. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `target_name` (String) Target name in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `creator` (String) The record creator. Note that changing creator from or to 'SYSTEM' value is not allowed.
- `ddns_principal` (String) The GSS-TSIG principal that owns this record.
- `ddns_protected` (Boolean) Determines if the DDNS updates for this record are allowed or not.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not.False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `forbid_reclamation` (Boolean) Determines if the reclamation is allowed for the record or not.
- `svc_parameters` (Attributes List) Structure to represent SVC Params. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--svc_parameters))
- `ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value for record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

### Read-Only

- `aws_rte53_record_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_rte53_record_info))
- `cloud_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `creation_time` (Number) The time of the record creation in Epoch seconds format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `reclaimable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is reclaimable or not.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `uuid` (String) Universally Unique ID assigned for this object
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--svc_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `svc_parameters`

Required:

- `mandatory` (Boolean) Specifies if this is mandatory key for this RR.
- `svc_key` (String) Svc param key.
- `svc_value` (List of String) Svc param value.


<a id="nestedatt--aws_rte53_record_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_rte53_record_info`

Read-Only:

- `alias_target_dns_name` (String) DNS name of the alias target.
- `alias_target_evaluate_target_health` (Boolean) Indicates if Amazon Route 53 evaluates the health of the alias target.
- `alias_target_hosted_zone_id` (String) Hosted zone ID of the alias target.
- `failover` (String) Indicates whether this is the primary or secondary resource record for Amazon Route 53 failover routing.
- `geolocation_continent_code` (String) Continent code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `geolocation_country_code` (String) Country code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `geolocation_subdivision_code` (String) Subdivision code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `health_check_id` (String) ID of the health check that Amazon Route 53 performs for this resource record.
- `region` (String) Amazon EC2 region where this resource record resides for latency routing.
- `set_identifier` (String) An identifier that differentiates records with the same DNS name and type for weighted, latency, geolocation, and failover routing.
- `type` (String) Type of Amazon Route 53 resource record.
- `weight` (Number) Value that determines the portion of traffic for this record in weighted routing. The range is from 0 to 255.


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Optional:

- `delegated_member` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
