---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_naptr Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages a DNS NAPTR record.
---

# nios_dns_record_naptr (Resource)

Manages a DNS NAPTR record.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create Authoritative zone (Required as Parent)
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "parent_zone" {
  fqdn = "example.com"
}

// Create a NAPTR Record with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_naptr" "record_naptr_with_basic_fields" {
  name        = "naptr_record.${nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_zone.fqdn}"
  order       = 10
  preference  = 10
  replacement = "."
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Create a NAPTR Record with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_naptr" "record_naptr_with_additional_fields" {
  name        = "naptr_record1.${nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_zone.fqdn}"
  order       = 10
  preference  = 10
  replacement = "."
  comment     = "NAPTR record created by Terraform"
  ttl         = 10
  use_ttl     = true
  flags       = "U"
  services    = "SIP+D2U"
  regexp      = "!^.*$!sip:jdoe@corpxyz.com!"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the NAPTR record in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `order` (Number) The order parameter of the NAPTR records. This parameter specifies the order in which the NAPTR rules are applied when multiple rules are present. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `preference` (Number) The preference of the NAPTR record. The preference field determines the order NAPTR records are processed when multiple records with the same order parameter are present. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `replacement` (String) The replacement field of the NAPTR record object. For nonterminal NAPTR records, this field specifies the next domain name to look up. This value can be in unicode format.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `creator` (String) The record creator. Note that changing creator from or to 'SYSTEM' value is not allowed.
- `ddns_principal` (String) The GSS-TSIG principal that owns this record.
- `ddns_protected` (Boolean) Determines if the DDNS updates for this record are allowed or not.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `flags` (String) The flags used to control the interpretation of the fields for an NAPTR record object. Supported values for the flags field are "U", "S", "P" and "A".
- `forbid_reclamation` (Boolean) Determines if the reclamation is allowed for the record or not.
- `regexp` (String) The regular expression-based rewriting rule of the NAPTR record. This should be a POSIX compliant regular expression, including the substitution rule and flags. Refer to RFC 2915 for the field syntax details.
- `services` (String) The services field of the NAPTR record object; maximum 128 characters. The services field contains protocol and service identifiers, such as "http+E2U" or "SIPS+D2T".
- `ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value for the NAPTR record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

### Read-Only

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `creation_time` (Number) The time of the record creation in Epoch seconds format.
- `dns_name` (String) The name of the NAPTR record in punycode format.
- `dns_replacement` (String) The replacement field of the NAPTR record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `reclaimable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is reclaimable or not.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
