---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_tlsa Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages a TLSA Record.
---

# nios_dns_record_tlsa (Resource)

Manages a TLSA Record.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create an Auth Zone
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "create_zone_auth" {
  fqdn = "example.com"
}

// Create a TLSA record with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_tlsa" "create_record_tlsa_with_basic_fields" {
  name              = "example-record-tlsa.${nios_dns_zone_auth.create_zone_auth.fqdn}"
  certificate_data  = "D2ABDE240D7CD3EE6B4B28C54DF034B97983A1D16E8A410E4561CB106618E971"
  certificate_usage = 2
  matched_type      = 0
  selector          = 0
}

// Create a TLSA record with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_tlsa" "create_record_tlsa_with_additional_fields" {
  name              = "example-record-tlsa-1.${nios_dns_zone_auth.create_zone_auth.fqdn}"
  certificate_data  = "D2ABDE240D7CD3EE6B4B28C54DF034B97983A1D16E8A410E4561CB106618E971"
  certificate_usage = 2
  matched_type      = 0
  selector          = 0

  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
  comment = "TLSA record created by Terraform"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate_data` (String) Hex dump of either raw data for matching type 0, or the hash of the raw data for matching types 1 and 2.
- `certificate_usage` (Number) Specifies the provided association that will be used to match the certificate presented in the TLS handshake. Based on RFC-6698.
- `matched_type` (Number) Specifies how the certificate association is presented. Based on RFC-6698.
- `name` (String) The TLSA record name in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `selector` (Number) Specifies which part of the TLS certificate presented by the server will be matched against the association data. Based on RFC-6698.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `creator` (String) The record creator. Note that changing creator from or to 'SYSTEM' value is not allowed.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value for the record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

### Read-Only

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `dns_name` (String) The name of the TLSA record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
