---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_zone_auth Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages Auth Zones.
---

# nios_dns_zone_auth (Resource)

Manages Auth Zones.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create IPV4 forward mapping zone with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "create_zone1" {
  fqdn = "example1.com"
  view = "default"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Create IPV4 reverse mapping zone with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "create_zone2" {
  fqdn        = "10.0.0.0/24"
  view        = "default"
  zone_format = "IPV4"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Create IPV6 reverse mapping zone with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "create_zone4" {
  fqdn        = "2002:1100::/64"
  view        = "default"
  zone_format = "IPV6"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Create IPV4 forward mapping zone with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "create_zone5" {
  // Basic Fields
  fqdn = "example2.com"
  view = "default"

  // Additional fields
  grid_primary = [
    {
      name = "infoblox.10_0_0_1",
    }
  ]
  restart_if_needed = true

  soa_default_ttl     = 37000
  soa_expire          = 92000
  soa_negative_ttl    = 900
  soa_refresh         = 2100
  soa_retry           = 800
  use_grid_zone_timer = true

  allow_query = [
    {
      struct     = "addressac"
      address    = "10.0.0.0"
      permission = "ALLOW"
    }
  ]
  use_allow_query = true

  comment = "IPV4 forward auth zone"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fqdn` (String) The name of this DNS zone. For a reverse zone, this is in "address/cidr" format. For other zones, this is in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format. Note that for a reverse zone, the corresponding zone_format value should be set.

### Optional

- `allow_active_dir` (Attributes List) This field allows the zone to receive GSS-TSIG authenticated DDNS updates from DHCP clients and servers in an AD domain. Note that addresses specified in this field ignore the permission set in the struct which will be set to 'ALLOW'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_active_dir))
- `allow_fixed_rrset_order` (Boolean) The flag that allows to enable or disable fixed RRset ordering for authoritative forward-mapping zones.
- `allow_gss_tsig_for_underscore_zone` (Boolean) The flag that allows DHCP clients to perform GSS-TSIG signed updates for underscore zones.
- `allow_gss_tsig_zone_updates` (Boolean) The flag that enables or disables the zone for GSS-TSIG updates.
- `allow_query` (Attributes List) Determines whether DNS queries are allowed from a named ACL, or from a list of IPv4/IPv6 addresses, networks, and TSIG keys for the hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_query))
- `allow_transfer` (Attributes List) Determines whether zone transfers are allowed from a named ACL, or from a list of IPv4/IPv6 addresses, networks, and TSIG keys for the hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_transfer))
- `allow_update` (Attributes List) Determines whether dynamic DNS updates are allowed from a named ACL, or from a list of IPv4/IPv6 addresses, networks, and TSIG keys for the hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allow_update))
- `allow_update_forwarding` (Boolean) The list with IP addresses, networks or TSIG keys for clients, from which forwarded dynamic updates are allowed.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the zone; maximum 256 characters.
- `copy_xfer_to_notify` (Boolean) If this flag is set to True then copy allowed IPs from Allow Transfer to Also Notify.
- `create_ptr_for_bulk_hosts` (Boolean) Determines if PTR records are created for hosts automatically, if necessary, when the zone data is imported. This field is meaningful only when import_from is set.
- `create_ptr_for_hosts` (Boolean) Determines if PTR records are created for hosts automatically, if necessary, when the zone data is imported. This field is meaningful only when import_from is set.
- `create_underscore_zones` (Boolean) Determines whether automatic creation of subzones is enabled or not.
- `ddns_force_creation_timestamp_update` (Boolean) Defines whether creation timestamp of RR should be updated ' when DDNS update happens even if there is no change to ' the RR.
- `ddns_principal_group` (String) The DDNS Principal cluster group name.
- `ddns_principal_tracking` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether the DDNS principal track is enabled or disabled.
- `ddns_restrict_patterns` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether an option to restrict DDNS update request based on FQDN patterns is enabled or disabled.
- `ddns_restrict_patterns_list` (List of String) The unordered list of restriction patterns for an option of to restrict DDNS updates based on FQDN patterns.
- `ddns_restrict_protected` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether an option to restrict DDNS update request to protected resource records is enabled or disabled.
- `ddns_restrict_secure` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether DDNS update request for principal other than target resource record's principal is restricted.
- `ddns_restrict_static` (Boolean) The flag that indicates whether an option to restrict DDNS update request to resource records which are marked as 'STATIC' is enabled or disabled.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a zone is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the zone is enabled.
- `disable_forwarding` (Boolean) Determines whether the name servers that host the zone should forward queries (ended with the domain name of the zone) to any configured forwarders.
- `dns_integrity_enable` (Boolean) If this is set to True, DNS integrity check is enabled for this zone.
- `dns_integrity_frequency` (Number) The frequency, in seconds, of DNS integrity checks for this zone.
- `dns_integrity_member` (String) The Grid member that performs DNS integrity checks for this zone.
- `dns_integrity_verbose_logging` (Boolean) If this is set to True, more information is logged for DNS integrity checks for this zone.
- `dnssec_key_params` (Attributes) The DNSSEC key parameters for the zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dnssec_key_params))
- `do_host_abstraction` (Boolean) Determines if hosts and bulk hosts are automatically created when the zone data is imported. This field is meaningful only when import_from is set.
- `effective_check_names_policy` (String) The value of the check names policy, which indicates the action the appliance takes when it encounters host names that do not comply with the Strict Hostname Checking policy. This value applies only if the host name restriction policy is set to "Strict Hostname Checking".
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `external_primaries` (Attributes List) The list of external primary servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_primaries))
- `external_secondaries` (Attributes List) The list of external secondary servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_secondaries))
- `grid_primary` (Attributes List) The grid primary servers for this zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grid_primary))
- `grid_secondaries` (Attributes List) The list with Grid members that are secondary servers for this zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grid_secondaries))
- `import_from` (String) The IP address of the Infoblox appliance from which zone data is imported. Setting this address to '255.255.255.255' and do_host_abstraction to 'true' will create Host records from A records in this zone without importing zone data.
- `last_queried_acl` (Attributes List) Determines last queried ACL for the specified IPv4 or IPv6 addresses and networks in scavenging settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_queried_acl))
- `locked` (Boolean) If you enable this flag, other administrators cannot make conflicting changes. This is for administration purposes only. The zone will continue to serve DNS data even when it is locked.
- `member_soa_mnames` (Attributes List) The list of per-member SOA MNAME information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--member_soa_mnames))
- `ms_ad_integrated` (Boolean) The flag that determines whether Active Directory is integrated or not. This field is valid only when ms_managed is "STUB", "AUTH_PRIMARY", or "AUTH_BOTH".
- `ms_allow_transfer` (Attributes List) The list of DNS clients that are allowed to perform zone transfers from a Microsoft DNS server. This setting applies only to zones with Microsoft DNS servers that are either primary or secondary servers. This setting does not inherit any value from the Grid or from any member that defines an allow_transfer value. This setting does not apply to any grid member. Use the allow_transfer field to control which DNS clients are allowed to perform zone transfers on Grid members. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_allow_transfer))
- `ms_allow_transfer_mode` (String) Determines which DNS clients are allowed to perform zone transfers from a Microsoft DNS server. Valid values are: "ADDRESS_AC", to use ms_allow_transfer field for specifying IP addresses, networks and Transaction Signature (TSIG) keys for clients that are allowed to do zone transfers. "ANY", to allow any client. "ANY_NS", to allow only the nameservers listed in this zone. "NONE", to deny all zone transfer requests.
- `ms_dc_ns_record_creation` (Attributes List) The list of domain controllers that are allowed to create NS records for authoritative zones. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_dc_ns_record_creation))
- `ms_ddns_mode` (String) Determines whether an Active Directory-integrated zone with a Microsoft DNS server as primary allows dynamic updates. Valid values are: "SECURE" if the zone allows secure updates only. "NONE" if the zone forbids dynamic updates. "ANY" if the zone accepts both secure and nonsecure updates. This field is valid only if ms_managed is either "AUTH_PRIMARY" or "AUTH_BOTH". If the flag ms_ad_integrated is false, the value "SECURE" is not allowed.
- `ms_primaries` (Attributes List) The list with the Microsoft DNS servers that are primary servers for the zone. Although a zone typically has just one primary name server, you can specify up to ten independent servers for a single zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_primaries))
- `ms_secondaries` (Attributes List) The list with the Microsoft DNS servers that are secondary servers for the zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_secondaries))
- `ms_sync_disabled` (Boolean) This flag controls whether this zone is synchronized with Microsoft DNS servers.
- `notify_delay` (Number) The number of seconds in delay with which notify messages are sent to secondaries.
- `ns_group` (String) The name server group that serves DNS for this zone.
- `prefix` (String) The RFC2317 prefix value of this DNS zone. Use this field only when the netmask is greater than 24 bits; that is, for a mask between 25 and 31 bits. Enter a prefix, such as the name of the allocated address block. The prefix can be alphanumeric characters, such as 128/26 , 128-189 , or sub-B.
- `record_name_policy` (String) The hostname policy for records under this zone.
- `remove_subzones` (Boolean) Remove subzones delete option. Determines whether all child objects should be removed alongside with the parent zone or child objects should be assigned to another parental zone. By default child objects are deleted with the parent zone.
- `restart_if_needed` (Boolean) Restarts the member service.
- `scavenging_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scavenging_settings))
- `set_soa_serial_number` (Boolean) The serial number in the SOA record incrementally changes every time the record is modified. The Infoblox appliance allows you to change the serial number (in the SOA record) for the primary server so it is higher than the secondary server, thereby ensuring zone transfers come from the primary server (as they should). To change the serial number you need to set a new value at "soa_serial_number" and pass "set_soa_serial_number" as True.
- `soa_default_ttl` (Number) The Time to Live (TTL) value of the SOA record of this zone. This value is the number of seconds that data is cached.
- `soa_email` (String) The SOA email value for this zone. This value can be in unicode format.
- `soa_expire` (Number) This setting defines the amount of time, in seconds, after which the secondary server stops giving out answers about the zone because the zone data is too old to be useful. The default is one week.
- `soa_negative_ttl` (Number) The negative Time to Live (TTL) value of the SOA of the zone indicates how long a secondary server can cache data for "Does Not Respond" responses.
- `soa_refresh` (Number) This indicates the interval at which a secondary server sends a message to the primary server for a zone to check that its data is current, and retrieve fresh data if it is not.
- `soa_retry` (Number) This indicates how long a secondary server must wait before attempting to recontact the primary server after a connection failure between the two servers occurs.
- `soa_serial_number` (Number) The serial number in the SOA record incrementally changes every time the record is modified. The Infoblox appliance allows you to change the serial number (in the SOA record) for the primary server so it is higher than the secondary server, thereby ensuring zone transfers come from the primary server (as they should). To change the serial number you need to set a new value at "soa_serial_number" and pass "set_soa_serial_number" as True.
- `srgs` (List of String) The associated shared record groups of a DNS zone. If a shared record group is associated with a zone, then all shared records in a shared record group will be shared in the zone.
- `update_forwarding` (Attributes List) Use this field to allow or deny dynamic DNS updates that are forwarded from specific IPv4/IPv6 addresses, networks, or a named ACL. You can also provide TSIG keys for clients that are allowed or denied to perform zone updates. This setting overrides the member-level setting. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--update_forwarding))
- `use_allow_active_dir` (Boolean) Use flag for: allow_active_dir
- `use_allow_query` (Boolean) Use flag for: allow_query
- `use_allow_transfer` (Boolean) Use flag for: allow_transfer
- `use_allow_update` (Boolean) Use flag for: allow_update
- `use_allow_update_forwarding` (Boolean) Use flag for: allow_update_forwarding
- `use_check_names_policy` (Boolean) Apply policy to dynamic updates and inbound zone transfers (This value applies only if the host name restriction policy is set to "Strict Hostname Checking".)
- `use_copy_xfer_to_notify` (Boolean) Use flag for: copy_xfer_to_notify
- `use_ddns_force_creation_timestamp_update` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_force_creation_timestamp_update
- `use_ddns_patterns_restriction` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_restrict_patterns_list , ddns_restrict_patterns
- `use_ddns_principal_security` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_restrict_secure , ddns_principal_tracking, ddns_principal_group
- `use_ddns_restrict_protected` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_restrict_protected
- `use_ddns_restrict_static` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_restrict_static
- `use_dnssec_key_params` (Boolean) Use flag for: dnssec_key_params
- `use_external_primary` (Boolean) This flag controls whether the zone is using an external primary.
- `use_grid_zone_timer` (Boolean) Use flag for: soa_default_ttl , soa_expire, soa_negative_ttl, soa_refresh, soa_retry
- `use_import_from` (Boolean) Use flag for: import_from
- `use_notify_delay` (Boolean) Use flag for: notify_delay
- `use_record_name_policy` (Boolean) Use flag for: record_name_policy
- `use_scavenging_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: scavenging_settings , last_queried_acl
- `use_soa_email` (Boolean) Use flag for: soa_email
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the zone resides. Example "external".
- `zone_format` (String) Determines the format of this zone.

### Read-Only

- `address` (String) The IP address of the server that is serving this zone.
- `aws_rte53_zone_info` (Attributes) The AWS Route 53 zone information associated with the zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_rte53_zone_info))
- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `display_domain` (String) The displayed name of the DNS zone.
- `dns_fqdn` (String) The name of this DNS zone in punycode format. For a reverse zone, this is in "address/cidr" format. For other zones, this is in FQDN format in punycode format.
- `dns_soa_email` (String) The SOA email for the zone in punycode format.
- `dnssec_keys` (Attributes List) A list of DNSSEC keys for the zone. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dnssec_keys))
- `dnssec_ksk_rollover_date` (Number) The rollover date for the Key Signing Key.
- `dnssec_zsk_rollover_date` (Number) The rollover date for the Zone Signing Key.
- `effective_record_name_policy` (String) The selected hostname policy for records under this zone.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `grid_primary_shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) Determines if the server is duplicated with parent delegation.
- `is_dnssec_enabled` (Boolean) This flag is set to True if DNSSEC is enabled for the zone.
- `is_dnssec_signed` (Boolean) Determines if the zone is DNSSEC signed.
- `is_multimaster` (Boolean) Determines if multi-master DNS is enabled for the zone.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time the zone was last queried on.
- `locked_by` (String) The name of a superuser or the administrator who locked this zone.
- `mask_prefix` (String) IPv4 Netmask or IPv6 prefix for this zone.
- `member_soa_serials` (Attributes List) The list of per-member SOA serial information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--member_soa_serials))
- `ms_managed` (String) The flag that indicates whether the zone is assigned to a Microsoft DNS server. This flag returns the authoritative name server type of the Microsoft DNS server. Valid values are: "NONE" if the zone is not assigned to any Microsoft DNS server. "STUB" if the zone is assigned to a Microsoft DNS server as a stub zone. "AUTH_PRIMARY" if only the primary server of the zone is a Microsoft DNS server. "AUTH_SECONDARY" if only the secondary server of the zone is a Microsoft DNS server. "AUTH_BOTH" if both the primary and secondary servers of the zone are Microsoft DNS servers.
- `ms_read_only` (Boolean) Determines if a Grid member manages the zone served by a Microsoft DNS server in read-only mode. This flag is true when a Grid member manages the zone in read-only mode, false otherwise. When the zone has the ms_read_only flag set to True, no changes can be made to this zone.
- `ms_sync_master_name` (String) The name of MS synchronization master for this zone.
- `network_associations` (List of String) The list with the associated network/network container information.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which this zone resides.
- `parent` (String) The parent zone of this zone. Note that when searching for reverse zones, the "in-addr.arpa" notation should be used.
- `primary_type` (String) The type of the primary server.
- `records_monitored` (Boolean) Determines if this zone is also monitoring resource records.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `rr_not_queried_enabled_time` (Number) The time data collection for Not Queried Resource Record was enabled for this zone.
- `using_srg_associations` (Boolean) This is true if the zone is associated with a shared record group.
- `zone_not_queried_enabled_time` (Number) The time when "DNS Zones Last Queried" was turned on for this zone.

<a id="nestedatt--allow_active_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_active_dir`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".

Optional:

- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.


<a id="nestedatt--allow_query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_query`

Required:

- `struct` (String) The struct type of the object. The value must be one of 'addressac' and 'tsigac'.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key. If the external primary server is a NIOS appliance running DNS One 2.x code, this can be set to :2xCOMPAT.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The name of the TSIG key. If 2.x TSIG compatibility is used, this is set to 'tsig_xfer' on retrieval, and ignored on insert or update.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name


<a id="nestedatt--allow_transfer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_transfer`

Required:

- `struct` (String) The struct type of the object. The value must be one of 'addressac' and 'tsigac'.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key. If the external primary server is a NIOS appliance running DNS One 2.x code, this can be set to :2xCOMPAT.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String)
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name


<a id="nestedatt--allow_update"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allow_update`

Required:

- `struct` (String) The struct type of the object. The value must be one of 'addressac' and 'tsigac'.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key. If the external primary server is a NIOS appliance running DNS One 2.x code, this can be set to :2xCOMPAT.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The name of the TSIG key. If 2.x TSIG compatibility is used, this is set to 'tsig_xfer' on retrieval, and ignored on insert or update.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name


<a id="nestedatt--dnssec_key_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dnssec_key_params`

Optional:

- `enable_ksk_auto_rollover` (Boolean) If set to True, automatic rollovers for the signing key is enabled.
- `ksk_algorithms` (Attributes List) A list of Key Signing Key Algorithms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dnssec_key_params--ksk_algorithms))
- `ksk_email_notification_enabled` (Boolean) Enable email notifications for KSK related events.
- `ksk_rollover` (Number) Key Signing Key rollover interval, in seconds.
- `ksk_rollover_notification_config` (String) This field controls events for which users will be notified.
- `ksk_snmp_notification_enabled` (Boolean) Enable SNMP notifications for KSK related events.
- `next_secure_type` (String) NSEC (next secure) types.
- `nsec3_iterations` (Number) The number of iterations used for hashing NSEC3.
- `nsec3_salt_max_length` (Number) The maximum length for NSEC3 salts.
- `nsec3_salt_min_length` (Number) The minimum length for NSEC3 salts.
- `signature_expiration` (Number) Signature expiration time, in seconds.
- `zsk_algorithms` (Attributes List) A list of Zone Signing Key Algorithms. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dnssec_key_params--zsk_algorithms))
- `zsk_rollover` (Number) Zone Signing Key rollover interval, in seconds.
- `zsk_rollover_mechanism` (String) Zone Signing Key rollover mechanism.

Read-Only:

- `ksk_algorithm` (String) Key Signing Key algorithm. Use KSK Algorithms instead.
- `ksk_size` (Number) Key Signing Key size, in bits. Use KSK Algorithms instead.
- `zsk_algorithm` (String) Zone Signing Key algorithm. Use ZSK Algorithms instead.
- `zsk_size` (Number) Zone Signing Key size, in bits. Use ZSK Algorithms instead.

<a id="nestedatt--dnssec_key_params--ksk_algorithms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dnssec_key_params.ksk_algorithms`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The signing key algorithm.
- `size` (Number) The signing key size, in bits.


<a id="nestedatt--dnssec_key_params--zsk_algorithms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dnssec_key_params.zsk_algorithms`

Optional:

- `algorithm` (String) The signing key algorithm.
- `size` (Number) The signing key size, in bits.



<a id="nestedatt--external_primaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_primaries`

Required:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the server.
- `name` (String) A resolvable domain name for the external DNS server.

Optional:

- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The TSIG key name.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.


<a id="nestedatt--external_secondaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_secondaries`

Required:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the server.
- `name` (String) A resolvable domain name for the external DNS server.

Optional:

- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The TSIG key name.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.


<a id="nestedatt--grid_primary"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grid_primary`

Required:

- `name` (String) The grid member name.

Optional:

- `enable_preferred_primaries` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the preferred_primaries field values of this member are used.
- `grid_replicate` (Boolean) The flag represents DNS zone transfers if set to False, and ID Grid Replication if set to True. This flag is ignored if the struct is specified as part of a stub zone or if it is set as grid_member in an authoritative zone.
- `lead` (Boolean) This flag controls whether the Grid lead secondary server performs zone transfers to non lead secondaries. This flag is ignored if the struct is specified as grid_member in an authoritative zone.
- `preferred_primaries` (Attributes List) The primary preference list with Grid member names and\or External Server extserver structs for this member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grid_primary--preferred_primaries))
- `stealth` (Boolean) This flag governs whether the specified Grid member is in stealth mode or not. If set to True, the member is in stealth mode. This flag is ignored if the struct is specified as part of a stub zone.

<a id="nestedatt--grid_primary--preferred_primaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grid_primary.preferred_primaries`

Required:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the server.
- `name` (String) A resolvable domain name for the external DNS server.

Optional:

- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The TSIG key name.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.



<a id="nestedatt--grid_secondaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grid_secondaries`

Required:

- `name` (String) The grid member name.

Optional:

- `enable_preferred_primaries` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the preferred_primaries field values of this member are used.
- `grid_replicate` (Boolean) The flag represents DNS zone transfers if set to False, and ID Grid Replication if set to True. This flag is ignored if the struct is specified as part of a stub zone or if it is set as grid_member in an authoritative zone.
- `lead` (Boolean) This flag controls whether the Grid lead secondary server performs zone transfers to non lead secondaries. This flag is ignored if the struct is specified as grid_member in an authoritative zone.
- `preferred_primaries` (Attributes List) The primary preference list with Grid member names and\or External Server extserver structs for this member. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grid_secondaries--preferred_primaries))
- `stealth` (Boolean) This flag governs whether the specified Grid member is in stealth mode or not. If set to True, the member is in stealth mode. This flag is ignored if the struct is specified as part of a stub zone.

<a id="nestedatt--grid_secondaries--preferred_primaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grid_secondaries.preferred_primaries`

Required:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the server.
- `name` (String) A resolvable domain name for the external DNS server.

Optional:

- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The TSIG key name.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.



<a id="nestedatt--last_queried_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_queried_acl`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".

Optional:

- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.


<a id="nestedatt--member_soa_mnames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `member_soa_mnames`

Optional:

- `grid_primary` (String) The grid primary server for the zone. Only one of "grid_primary" or "ms_server_primary" should be set when modifying or creating the object.
- `mname` (String) Master's SOA MNAME. This value can be in unicode format.
- `ms_server_primary` (String) The primary MS server for the zone. Only one of "grid_primary" or "ms_server_primary" should be set when modifying or creating the object.

Read-Only:

- `dns_mname` (String) Master's SOA MNAME in punycode format.


<a id="nestedatt--ms_allow_transfer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_allow_transfer`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".

Optional:

- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.


<a id="nestedatt--ms_dc_ns_record_creation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_dc_ns_record_creation`

Required:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 address of the domain controller that is allowed to create NS records.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Optional user comment.


<a id="nestedatt--ms_primaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_primaries`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address of the server.
- `ns_ip` (String) This address is used when generating the NS record in the zone, which can be different in case of multihomed hosts.
- `ns_name` (String) This name is used when generating the NS record in the zone, which can be different in case of multihomed hosts.

Optional:

- `is_master` (Boolean) This flag indicates if this server is a synchronization master.
- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.


<a id="nestedatt--ms_secondaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_secondaries`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address of the server.
- `ns_ip` (String) This address is used when generating the NS record in the zone, which can be different in case of multihomed hosts.
- `ns_name` (String) This name is used when generating the NS record in the zone, which can be different in case of multihomed hosts.

Optional:

- `is_master` (Boolean) This flag indicates if this server is a synchronization master.
- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.


<a id="nestedatt--scavenging_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scavenging_settings`

Optional:

- `ea_expression_list` (Attributes List) The extensible attributes expression list. The particular record is treated as reclaimable if extensible attributes expression condition evaluates to 'true' for given record if scavenging hasn't been manually disabled on a given resource record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scavenging_settings--ea_expression_list))
- `enable_auto_reclamation` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the automatic resource record scavenging is enabled or not.
- `enable_recurrent_scavenging` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the recurrent resource record scavenging is enabled or not.
- `enable_rr_last_queried` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the resource record last queried monitoring in affected zones is enabled or not.
- `enable_scavenging` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the resource record scavenging is enabled or not.
- `enable_zone_last_queried` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the last queried monitoring for affected zones is enabled or not.
- `expression_list` (Attributes List) The expression list. The particular record is treated as reclaimable if expression condition evaluates to 'true' for given record if scavenging hasn't been manually disabled on a given resource record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scavenging_settings--expression_list))
- `reclaim_associated_records` (Boolean) This flag indicates if the associated resource record scavenging is enabled or not.
- `scavenging_schedule` (Attributes) The schedule setting for cloud discovery task. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scavenging_settings--scavenging_schedule))

<a id="nestedatt--scavenging_settings--ea_expression_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scavenging_settings.ea_expression_list`

Required:

- `op` (String) The operation name.

Optional:

- `op1` (String) The name of the Extensible Attribute Definition object which is used as the first operand value.
- `op1_type` (String) The first operand type.
- `op2` (String) The second operand value.
- `op2_type` (String) The second operand type.


<a id="nestedatt--scavenging_settings--expression_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scavenging_settings.expression_list`

Required:

- `op` (String) The operation name.

Optional:

- `op1` (String) The first operand value.
- `op1_type` (String) The first operand type.
- `op2` (String) The second operand value.
- `op2_type` (String) The second operand type.


<a id="nestedatt--scavenging_settings--scavenging_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scavenging_settings.scavenging_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.

Read-Only:

- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.



<a id="nestedatt--update_forwarding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `update_forwarding`

Required:

- `struct` (String) The struct type of the object. The value must be one of 'addressac' and 'tsigac'.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key. If the external primary server is a NIOS appliance running DNS One 2.x code, this can be set to :2xCOMPAT.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The name of the TSIG key. If 2.x TSIG compatibility is used, this is set to 'tsig_xfer' on retrieval, and ignored on insert or update.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name


<a id="nestedatt--aws_rte53_zone_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_rte53_zone_info`

Read-Only:

- `associated_vpcs` (List of String) List of AWS VPC strings that are associated with this zone.
- `callerreference` (String) User specified caller reference when zone was created.
- `delegation_set_id` (String) ID of delegation set associated with this zone.
- `hosted_zone_id` (String) AWS route 53 assigned ID for this zone.
- `name_servers` (List of String) List of AWS name servers that are authoritative for this domain name.
- `record_set_count` (Number) Number of resource record sets in the hosted zone.
- `type` (String) Indicates whether private or public zone.


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name



<a id="nestedatt--dnssec_keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dnssec_keys`

Required:

- `tag` (Number) The tag of the key for the zone.

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) The public-key encryption algorithm. Values 1, 3 and 6 are deprecated from NIOS 9.0.
- `next_event_date` (Number) The next event date for the key, the rollover date for an active key or the removal date for an already rolled one.
- `public_key` (String) The Base-64 encoding of the public key.
- `status` (String) The status of the key for the zone.
- `type` (String) The key type.


<a id="nestedatt--member_soa_serials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `member_soa_serials`

Read-Only:

- `grid_primary` (String) The grid primary server for the zone. Only one of "grid_primary" or "ms_server_primary" will be set when the object is retrieved from the server.
- `ms_server_primary` (String) The primary MS server for the zone. Only one of "grid_primary" or "ms_server_primary" will be set when the object is retrieved from the server.
- `serial` (Number) The SOA serial number.
