---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_zone_delegated Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages a DNS Delegated Zone.
---

# nios_dns_zone_delegated (Resource)

Manages a DNS Delegated Zone.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create a DNS zone delegated with basic fields
resource "nios_dns_zone_delegated" "zone_forward_basic_fields" {
  fqdn = "zone-delegated.example.com"
  delegate_to = [
    {
      name    = "ns1.example.com"
      address = "1.1.1.1"
    }
  ]
}

// Create a DNS zone delegated with additional fields
resource "nios_dns_zone_delegated" "zone_forward_additional_fields" {
  fqdn = "zone-delegated-example2.example.com"
  delegate_to = [
    {
      name    = "ns2.example.com"
      address = "2.2.2.2"
    }
  ]

  // Additional fields
  comment           = "This is a delegated zone for example.com"
  delegated_ttl     = 3600
  use_delegated_ttl = true
  ms_ad_integrated  = false
  ms_ddns_mode      = "ANY"
  prefix            = "example-prefix"
  zone_format       = "FORWARD"
  view              = "default"

  // Extensible Attributes
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `delegate_to` (Attributes List) This provides information for the remote name server that maintains data for the delegated zone. The Infoblox appliance redirects queries for data for the delegated zone to this remote name server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delegate_to))
- `fqdn` (String) The name of this DNS zone. For a reverse zone, this is in "address/cidr" format. For other zones, this is in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format. Note that for a reverse zone, the corresponding zone_format value should be set.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Comment for the zone; maximum 256 characters.
- `delegated_ttl` (Number) You can specify the Time to Live (TTL) values of auto-generated NS and glue records for a delegated zone. This value is the number of seconds that data is cached.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a zone is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the zone is enabled.
- `enable_rfc2317_exclusion` (Boolean) This flag controls whether automatic generation of RFC 2317 CNAMEs for delegated reverse zones overwrite existing PTR records. The default behavior is to overwrite all the existing records in the range; this corresponds to "allow_ptr_creation_in_parent" set to False. However, when this flag is set to True the existing PTR records are not overwritten.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `locked` (Boolean) If you enable this flag, other administrators cannot make conflicting changes. This is for administration purposes only. The zone will continue to serve DNS data even when it is locked.
- `ms_ad_integrated` (Boolean) The flag that determines whether Active Directory is integrated or not. This field is valid only when ms_managed is "STUB", "AUTH_PRIMARY", or "AUTH_BOTH".
- `ms_ddns_mode` (String) Determines whether an Active Directory-integrated zone with a Microsoft DNS server as primary allows dynamic updates. Valid values are: "SECURE" if the zone allows secure updates only. "NONE" if the zone forbids dynamic updates. "ANY" if the zone accepts both secure and nonsecure updates. This field is valid only if ms_managed is either "AUTH_PRIMARY" or "AUTH_BOTH". If the flag ms_ad_integrated is false, the value "SECURE" is not allowed.
- `ns_group` (String) The delegation NS group bound with delegated zone.
- `prefix` (String) The RFC2317 prefix value of this DNS zone. Use this field only when the netmask is greater than 24 bits; that is, for a mask between 25 and 31 bits. Enter a prefix, such as the name of the allocated address block. The prefix can be alphanumeric characters, such as 128/26 , 128-189 , or sub-B.
- `use_delegated_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: delegated_ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the zone resides. Example "external".
- `zone_format` (String) Determines the format of this zone.

### Read-Only

- `address` (String) The IP address of the server that is serving this zone.
- `display_domain` (String) The displayed name of the DNS zone.
- `dns_fqdn` (String) The name of this DNS zone in punycode format. For a reverse zone, this is in "address/cidr" format. For other zones, this is in FQDN format in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `locked_by` (String) The name of a superuser or the administrator who locked this zone.
- `mask_prefix` (String) IPv4 Netmask or IPv6 prefix for this zone.
- `ms_managed` (String) The flag that indicates whether the zone is assigned to a Microsoft DNS server. This flag returns the authoritative name server type of the Microsoft DNS server. Valid values are: "NONE" if the zone is not assigned to any Microsoft DNS server. "STUB" if the zone is assigned to a Microsoft DNS server as a stub zone. "AUTH_PRIMARY" if only the primary server of the zone is a Microsoft DNS server. "AUTH_SECONDARY" if only the secondary server of the zone is a Microsoft DNS server. "AUTH_BOTH" if both the primary and secondary servers of the zone are Microsoft DNS servers.
- `ms_read_only` (Boolean) Determines if a Grid member manages the zone served by a Microsoft DNS server in read-only mode. This flag is true when a Grid member manages the zone in read-only mode, false otherwise. When the zone has the ms_read_only flag set to True, no changes can be made to this zone.
- `ms_sync_master_name` (String) The name of MS synchronization master for this zone.
- `parent` (String) The parent zone of this zone. Note that when searching for reverse zones, the "in-addr.arpa" notation should be used.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `using_srg_associations` (Boolean) This is true if the zone is associated with a shared record group.

<a id="nestedatt--delegate_to"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delegate_to`

Required:

- `name` (String) A resolvable domain name for the external DNS server.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the server.
- `stealth` (Boolean) Set this flag to hide the NS record for the primary name server from DNS queries.
- `tsig_key` (String) A generated TSIG key.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key algorithm.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The TSIG key name.
- `use_tsig_key_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: tsig_key_name

Read-Only:

- `shared_with_ms_parent_delegation` (Boolean) This flag represents whether the name server is shared with the parent Microsoft primary zone's delegation server.
