---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_dname Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages a DNAME record.
---

# nios_dns_record_dname (Resource)

Manages a DNAME record.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create an Auth Zone (Required as Parent)
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "parent_zone_1" {
  fqdn = "example.com"
}

// Create a DNAME record with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_dname" "create_record_dname_with_basic_fields" {
  target = "example-dname-1.com"
  name   = nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_zone_1.fqdn
}

// Create an Auth Zone (Required as Parent)
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "parent_zone_2" {
  fqdn = "example-1.com"
}

// Create a DNAME record with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_dname" "create_record_dname_with_additional_fields" {
  target = "example-dname-2.com"
  name   = nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_zone_2.fqdn
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
  comment = "DNAME record created by Terraform"
  ttl     = 10
  use_ttl = true
}

// Create an IPV4 reverse mapping zone (Required as Parent)
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "parent_zone_3" {
  fqdn        = "10.0.0.0/24"
  zone_format = "IPV4"
}

// Create a DNAME record in IPV4 reverse mapping zone
resource "nios_dns_record_dname" "create_record_dname1" {
  target = "example-dname-1.com"
  // We use display_domain for reverse mapping zones as arpa format is required for name
  name = nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_zone_3.display_domain
}

// Create an IPV6 reverse mapping zone (Required as Parent)
resource "nios_dns_zone_auth" "parent_zone_4" {
  fqdn        = "2002:1100::/64"
  zone_format = "IPV6"
}

// Create a DNAME record in IPV6 reverse mapping zone
resource "nios_dns_record_dname" "create_record_dname2" {
  target = "example-dname-1.com"
  // We use display_domain for reverse mapping zones as arpa format is required for name
  name = nios_dns_zone_auth.parent_zone_4.display_domain
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the DNS DNAME record in FQDN format.
- `target` (String) The target domain name of the DNS DNAME record in FQDN format.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) The comment for the record.
- `creator` (String) The record creator.
- `ddns_principal` (String) The GSS-TSIG principal that owns this record.
- `ddns_protected` (Boolean) Determines if the DDNS updates for this record are allowed.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `forbid_reclamation` (Boolean) Determines if reclamation is allowed for the record.
- `ttl` (Number) Time To Live (TTL) value for the record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, that the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS View in which the record resides, for example "external".

### Read-Only

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `creation_time` (Number) The time of the record creation in Epoch seconds format.
- `dns_name` (String) Name of a DNS DNAME record in punycode format.
- `dns_target` (String) The target domain name of the DNS DNAME record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `reclaimable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is reclaimable.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `shared_record_group` (String) The name of the shared record group in which the record resides. This field exists only on db_objects if this record is a shared record.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. For example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
