---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_monitor_http Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Manages a DTC Monitor HTTP
---

# nios_dtc_monitor_http (Resource)

Manages a DTC Monitor HTTP

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create a DTC Monitor HTTP with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dtc_monitor_http" "dtc_monitor_http_basic_fields" {
  name = "example-monitor-http"
}

// Create a DTC Monitor HTTP with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dtc_monitor_http" "dtc_monitor_http_additional_fields" {
  name                  = "example-monitor-http-all-fields"
  ciphers               = "DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA"
  client_cert           = "dtc:certificate/example"
  comment               = "Example DTC Monitor HTTP"
  content_check         = "EXTRACT"
  content_check_input   = "BODY"
  content_check_op      = "EQ"
  content_check_regex   = "Load: ([0-9]+)"
  content_extract_group = 1
  content_extract_type  = "STRING"
  content_extract_value = "SUCCESS"
  enable_sni            = false
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
  interval      = 5
  port          = 80
  timeout       = 30
  request       = "GET /api/health HTTP/1.1\nHost: example.com\nUser-Agent: NIOS-Monitor"
  result        = "CODE_IS"
  result_code   = 400
  retry_down    = 2
  retry_up      = 5
  secure        = false
  validate_cert = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The display name for this DTC monitor.

### Optional

- `ciphers` (String) An optional cipher list for a secure HTTP/S connection.
- `client_cert` (String) An optional client certificate, supplied in a secure HTTP/S mode if present.
- `comment` (String) Comment for this DTC monitor; maximum 256 characters.
- `content_check` (String) The content check type.
- `content_check_input` (String) A portion of response to use as input for content check.
- `content_check_op` (String) A content check success criteria operator.
- `content_check_regex` (String) A content check regular expression.
- `content_extract_group` (Number) A content extraction sub-expression to extract.
- `content_extract_type` (String) A content extraction expected type for the extracted data.
- `content_extract_value` (String) A content extraction value to compare with extracted result.
- `enable_sni` (Boolean) Determines whether the Server Name Indication (SNI) for HTTPS monitor is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `interval` (Number) The interval for TCP health check.
- `port` (Number) Port for TCP requests.
- `request` (String) An HTTP request to send.
- `result` (String) The type of an expected result.
- `result_code` (Number) The expected return code.
- `retry_down` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as down to be treated as dead after it was alive.
- `retry_up` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as up to be treated as alive after it was dead.
- `secure` (Boolean) The connection security status.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout for TCP health check in seconds.
- `validate_cert` (Boolean) Determines whether the validation of the remote server's certificate is enabled.

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
