---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_monitor_snmp Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  
---

# nios_dtc_monitor_snmp (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    nios = {
      source  = "infobloxopen/nios"
      version = "1.0.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "nios" {
  nios_host_url = "https://172.28.82.33"
  nios_username = "admin"
  nios_password = "Infoblox@123"
}


resource "nios_dtc_monitor_snmp" "create_monitor_snmp" {
  name = "dtc_monitor_snmp"
}

resource "nios_dtc_monitor_snmp" "create_monitor_snmp_with_additional_fields" {
  name    = "dtc_monitor_snmp2"
  comment = "Example DTC Monitor SNMP"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
  oids = [
    {
      oid       = ".2"
      condition = "EXACT"
      first     = "10"
    },
    {
      oid = ".02"
    },
    {
      oid       = ".1"
      condition = "EXACT"
      first     = "20"
    }
  ]
  community  = "private"
  context    = "snmpv3-context"
  version    = "V3"
  user       = "admin"
  engine_id  = "66356e6574776f726B73"
  interval   = 20
  timeout    = 5
  port       = 10161
  retry_down = 2
  retry_up   = 3
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The display name for this DTC monitor.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Comment for this DTC monitor; maximum 256 characters.
- `community` (String) The SNMP community string for SNMP authentication.
- `context` (String) The SNMPv3 context.
- `engine_id` (String) The SNMPv3 engine identifier.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `interval` (Number) The interval for TCP health check.
- `oids` (Attributes List) A list of OIDs for SNMP monitoring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oids))
- `port` (Number) The port value for SNMP requests.
- `retry_down` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as down to be treated as dead after it was alive.
- `retry_up` (Number) The value of how many times the server should appear as up to be treated as alive after it was dead.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout for TCP health check in seconds.
- `user` (String) The SNMPv3 user setting.
- `version` (String) The SNMP protocol version for the SNMP health check.

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--oids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oids`

Required:

- `oid` (String) The SNMP OID value for DTC SNMP Monitor health checks.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The comment for a DTC SNMP Health Monitor OID object.
- `condition` (String) The condition of the validation result for an SNMP health check. The following conditions can be applied to the health check results: 'ANY' accepts any response; 'EXACT' accepts result equal to 'first'; 'LEQ' accepts result which is less than 'first'; 'GEQ' accepts result which is greater than 'first'; 'RANGE' accepts result value of which is between 'first' and 'last'.
- `first` (String) The condition's first term to match against the SNMP health check result.
- `last` (String) The condition's second term to match against the SNMP health check result with 'RANGE' condition.
- `type` (String) The value of the condition type for DTC SNMP Monitor health check results.
