---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_ipam_network Resource - nios"
subcategory: "IPAM"
description: |-
  Manages a Network
---

# nios_ipam_network (Resource)

Manages a Network

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nios_ipam_network" "example_network" {
  network       = "10.0.0.0/24"
  network_view  = "default"
  comment       = "Created by Terraform"
  authority     = true
  use_authority = true

  // Optional: Configure extensible attributes
  extattrs = {
    "Site" = "location-1"
  }
}

resource "nios_ipam_networkcontainer" "complete_example" {
  // Required attributes
  network = "11.0.0.0/24"

  // Basic configuration
  network_view = "default"
  comment      = "Complete network container example with all possible writable attributes"

  # auto_create_reversezone = false
  bootfile       = "pxelinux.0"
  bootserver     = "192.168.1.10"
  use_authority  = true
  use_bootfile   = true
  use_bootserver = true

  // DDNS settings
  enable_ddns                     = true
  use_enable_ddns                 = true
  ddns_domainname                 = "example.com"
  ddns_generate_hostname          = true
  ddns_ttl                        = 3600
  ddns_update_fixed_addresses     = true
  ddns_use_option81               = true
  use_ddns_domainname             = true
  use_ddns_generate_hostname      = true
  use_ddns_ttl                    = true
  use_ddns_update_fixed_addresses = true
  use_ddns_use_option81           = true

  // Email and notification settings
  email_list     = ["admin@example.com", "network@example.com"]
  use_email_list = true

  // Water mark settings
  high_water_mark       = 95
  high_water_mark_reset = 85
  low_water_mark        = 10
  low_water_mark_reset  = 20

  // Extensible attributes
  extattrs = {
    "Site" = "DataCenter1"
  }
}


resource "nios_ipam_network" "example_func_call" {
  func_call = {
    attribute_name  = "network"
    object_function = "next_available_network"
    result_field    = "networks"
    object          = "network"
    object_parameters = {
      network      = "10.0.0.0/24"
      network_view = "default"
    }
    parameters = {
      cidr = 28
    }
  }
  comment = "Network container created with function call"
  depends_on = [
    nios_ipam_network.example_network
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `authority` (Boolean) Authority for the DHCP network.
- `auto_create_reversezone` (Boolean) This flag controls whether reverse zones are automatically created when the network is added.
- `bootfile` (String) The bootfile name for the network. You can configure the DHCP server to support clients that use the boot file name option in their DHCPREQUEST messages.
- `bootserver` (String) The bootserver address for the network. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the boot server that the host needs to boot. The boot server IPv4 Address or name in FQDN format.
- `cloud_info` (Attributes) A CloudInfo struct that contains information about the cloud provider and region for the network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `cloud_shared` (Boolean) Boolean flag to indicate if the network is shared with cloud.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the network, maximum 256 characters.
- `ddns_domainname` (String) The dynamic DNS domain name the appliance uses specifically for DDNS updates for this network.
- `ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) If this field is set to True, the DHCP server generates a hostname and updates DNS with it when the DHCP client request does not contain a hostname.
- `ddns_server_always_updates` (Boolean) This field controls whether only the DHCP server is allowed to update DNS, regardless of the DHCP clients requests. Note that changes for this field take effect only if ddns_use_option81 is True.
- `ddns_ttl` (Number) The DNS update Time to Live (TTL) value of a DHCP network object. The TTL is a 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `ddns_update_fixed_addresses` (Boolean) By default, the DHCP server does not update DNS when it allocates a fixed address to a client. You can configure the DHCP server to update the A and PTR records of a client with a fixed address. When this feature is enabled and the DHCP server adds A and PTR records for a fixed address, the DHCP server never discards the records.
- `ddns_use_option81` (Boolean) The support for DHCP Option 81 at the network level.
- `delete_reason` (String) The reason for deleting the RIR registration request.
- `deny_bootp` (Boolean) If set to true, BOOTP settings are disabled and BOOTP requests will be denied.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a network is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the network is enabled.
- `discovered_bridge_domain` (String) Discovered bridge domain.
- `discovered_tenant` (String) Discovered tenant.
- `discovery_basic_poll_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_basic_poll_settings))
- `discovery_blackout_setting` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_blackout_setting))
- `discovery_member` (String) The member that will run discovery for this network.
- `email_list` (List of String) The e-mail lists to which the appliance sends DHCP threshold alarm e-mail messages.
- `enable_ddns` (Boolean) The dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP network object. If set to True, the DHCP server sends DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid, and to external DNS servers.
- `enable_dhcp_thresholds` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP thresholds are enabled for the network.
- `enable_discovery` (Boolean) Determines whether a discovery is enabled or not for this network. When this is set to False, the network discovery is disabled.
- `enable_email_warnings` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP threshold warnings are sent through email.
- `enable_ifmap_publishing` (Boolean) Determines if IFMAP publishing is enabled for the network.
- `enable_immediate_discovery` (Boolean) Determines if the discovery for the network should be immediately enabled.
- `enable_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Set this to True if you want the DHCP server to use a different lease time for PXE clients.
- `enable_snmp_warnings` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP threshold warnings are send through SNMP.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `federated_realms` (Attributes List) This field contains the federated realms associated to this network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--federated_realms))
- `func_call` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--func_call))
- `high_water_mark` (Number) The percentage of DHCP network usage threshold above which network usage is not expected and may warrant your attention. When the high watermark is reached, the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning (if enabled). A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100.
- `high_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage of DHCP network usage below which the corresponding SNMP trap is reset. A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100. The high watermark reset value must be lower than the high watermark value.
- `ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) If this field is set to False, the appliance returns all DHCP options the client is eligible to receive, rather than only the list of options the client has requested.
- `ignore_id` (String) Indicates whether the appliance will ignore DHCP client IDs or MAC addresses. Valid values are "NONE", "CLIENT", or "MACADDR". The default is "NONE".
- `ignore_mac_addresses` (List of String) A list of MAC addresses the appliance will ignore.
- `ipam_email_addresses` (List of String) The e-mail lists to which the appliance sends IPAM threshold alarm e-mail messages.
- `ipam_threshold_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipam_threshold_settings))
- `ipam_trap_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipam_trap_settings))
- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the network.
- `lease_scavenge_time` (Number) An integer that specifies the period of time (in seconds) that frees and backs up leases remained in the database before they are automatically deleted. To disable lease scavenging, set the parameter to -1. The minimum positive value must be greater than 86400 seconds (1 day).
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on the this network. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the dhcpd configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logic_filter_rules))
- `low_water_mark` (Number) The percentage of DHCP network usage below which the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning (if enabled). A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100.
- `low_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage of DHCP network usage threshold below which network usage is not expected and may warrant your attention. When the low watermark is crossed, the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning (if enabled). A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100. The low watermark reset value must be higher than the low watermark value.
- `members` (Attributes List) A list of members or Microsoft (r) servers that serve DHCP for this network. All members in the array must be of the same type. The struct type must be indicated in each element, by setting the "_struct" member to the struct type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))
- `mgm_private` (Boolean) This field controls whether this object is synchronized with the Multi-Grid Master. If this field is set to True, objects are not synchronized.
- `ms_ad_user_data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_ad_user_data))
- `netmask` (Number) The netmask of the network in CIDR format.
- `network` (String) The IPv4 Address of the record.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which this network resides.
- `nextserver` (String) The name in FQDN and/or IPv4 Address of the next server that the host needs to boot.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `port_control_blackout_setting` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_control_blackout_setting))
- `pxe_lease_time` (Number) The PXE lease time value of a DHCP Network object. Some hosts use PXE (Preboot Execution Environment) to boot remotely from a server. To better manage your IP resources, set a different lease time for PXE boot requests. You can configure the DHCP server to allocate an IP address with a shorter lease time to hosts that send PXE boot requests, so IP addresses are not leased longer than necessary. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `recycle_leases` (Boolean) If the field is set to True, the leases are kept in the Recycle Bin until one week after expiration. Otherwise, the leases are permanently deleted.
- `restart_if_needed` (Boolean) Restarts the member service.
- `rir_organization` (String) The RIR organization assoicated with the network.
- `rir_registration_action` (String) The RIR registration action.
- `rir_registration_status` (String) The registration status of the network in RIR.
- `same_port_control_discovery_blackout` (Boolean) If the field is set to True, the discovery blackout setting will be used for port control blackout setting.
- `send_rir_request` (Boolean) Determines whether to send the RIR registration request.
- `subscribe_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscribe_settings))
- `template` (String) If set on creation, the network is created according to the values specified in the selected template.
- `unmanaged` (Boolean) Determines whether the DHCP IPv4 Network is unmanaged or not.
- `update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) This field controls whether the DHCP server updates DNS when a DHCP lease is renewed.
- `use_authority` (Boolean) Use flag for: authority
- `use_blackout_setting` (Boolean) Use flag for: discovery_blackout_setting , port_control_blackout_setting, same_port_control_discovery_blackout
- `use_bootfile` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootfile
- `use_bootserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootserver
- `use_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_domainname
- `use_ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_generate_hostname
- `use_ddns_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_ttl
- `use_ddns_update_fixed_addresses` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_update_fixed_addresses
- `use_ddns_use_option81` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_use_option81
- `use_deny_bootp` (Boolean) Use flag for: deny_bootp
- `use_discovery_basic_polling_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: discovery_basic_poll_settings
- `use_email_list` (Boolean) Use flag for: email_list
- `use_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ddns
- `use_enable_dhcp_thresholds` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_dhcp_thresholds
- `use_enable_discovery` (Boolean) Use flag for: discovery_member , enable_discovery
- `use_enable_ifmap_publishing` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ifmap_publishing
- `use_ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) Use flag for: ignore_dhcp_option_list_request
- `use_ignore_id` (Boolean) Use flag for: ignore_id
- `use_ipam_email_addresses` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipam_email_addresses
- `use_ipam_threshold_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipam_threshold_settings
- `use_ipam_trap_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipam_trap_settings
- `use_lease_scavenge_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: lease_scavenge_time
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_mgm_private` (Boolean) Use flag for: mgm_private
- `use_nextserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: nextserver
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: pxe_lease_time
- `use_recycle_leases` (Boolean) Use flag for: recycle_leases
- `use_subscribe_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: subscribe_settings
- `use_update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) Use flag for: update_dns_on_lease_renewal
- `use_zone_associations` (Boolean) Use flag for: zone_associations
- `vlans` (Attributes List) List of VLANs assigned to Network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vlans))
- `zone_associations` (Attributes List) The list of zones associated with this network. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone_associations))

### Read-Only

- `conflict_count` (Number) The number of conflicts discovered via network discovery.
- `dhcp_utilization` (Number) The percentage of the total DHCP utilization of the network multiplied by 1000. This is the percentage of the total number of available IP addresses belonging to the network versus the total number of all IP addresses in network.
- `dhcp_utilization_status` (String) A string describing the utilization level of the network.
- `discover_now_status` (String) Discover now status for this network.
- `discovered_bgp_as` (String) Number of the discovered BGP AS. When multiple BGP autonomous systems are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vlan_id` (String) The identifier of the discovered VLAN. When multiple VLANs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vlan_name` (String) The name of the discovered VLAN. When multiple VLANs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vrf_description` (String) Description of the discovered VRF. When multiple VRFs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vrf_name` (String) The name of the discovered VRF. When multiple VRFs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovered_vrf_rd` (String) Route distinguisher of the discovered VRF. When multiple VRFs are discovered in the network, this field displays "Multiple".
- `discovery_engine_type` (String) The network discovery engine type.
- `dynamic_hosts` (Number) The total number of DHCP leases issued for the network.
- `endpoint_sources` (List of String) The endpoints that provides data for the DHCP Network object.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `last_rir_registration_update_sent` (Number) The timestamp when the last RIR registration update was sent.
- `last_rir_registration_update_status` (String) Last RIR registration update status.
- `mgm_private_overridable` (Boolean) This field is assumed to be True unless filled by any conforming objects, such as Network, IPv6 Network, Network Container, IPv6 Network Container, and Network View. This value is set to False if mgm_private is set to True in the parent object.
- `network_container` (String) The network container to which this network belongs (if any).
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `rir` (String) The registry (RIR) that allocated the network address space.
- `static_hosts` (Number) The number of static DHCP addresses configured in the network.
- `total_hosts` (Number) The total number of DHCP addresses configured in the network.
- `unmanaged_count` (Number) The number of unmanaged IP addresses as discovered by network discovery.
- `utilization` (Number) The network utilization in percentage.
- `utilization_update` (Number) The timestamp when the utilization statistics were last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Optional:

- `delegated_member` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name



<a id="nestedatt--discovery_basic_poll_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_basic_poll_settings`

Optional:

- `auto_arp_refresh_before_switch_port_polling` (Boolean) Determines whether auto ARP refresh before switch port polling is enabled or not.
- `cli_collection` (Boolean) Determines whether CLI collection is enabled or not.
- `complete_ping_sweep` (Boolean) Determines whether complete ping sweep is enabled or not.
- `credential_group` (String) Credential group.
- `device_profile` (Boolean) Determines whether device profile is enabled or not.
- `netbios_scanning` (Boolean) Determines whether netbios scanning is enabled or not.
- `polling_frequency_modifier` (String) Polling Frequency Modifier.
- `port_scanning` (Boolean) Determines whether port scanning is enabled or not.
- `smart_subnet_ping_sweep` (Boolean) Determines whether smart subnet ping sweep is enabled or not.
- `snmp_collection` (Boolean) Determines whether SNMP collection is enabled or not.
- `switch_port_data_collection_polling` (String) A switch port data collection polling mode.
- `switch_port_data_collection_polling_interval` (Number) Indicates the interval for switch port data collection polling.
- `switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule` (Attributes) A Schedule Setting struct that determines switch port data collection polling schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_basic_poll_settings--switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule))
- `use_global_polling_frequency_modifier` (Boolean) Use Global Polling Frequency Modifier.

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_basic_poll_settings--switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_basic_poll_settings.switch_port_data_collection_polling_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--discovery_blackout_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_blackout_setting`

Optional:

- `blackout_duration` (Number) The blackout duration in seconds; minimum value is 1 minute.
- `blackout_schedule` (Attributes) A Schedule Setting struct that determines blackout schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--discovery_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule))
- `enable_blackout` (Boolean) Determines whether a blackout is enabled or not.

<a id="nestedatt--discovery_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `discovery_blackout_setting.blackout_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--federated_realms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `federated_realms`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The federated realm id
- `name` (String) The federated realm name


<a id="nestedatt--func_call"></a>
### Nested Schema for `func_call`

Required:

- `attribute_name` (String) The attribute to be called.

Optional:

- `object` (String) The object to be called.
- `object_function` (String) The function to be called.
- `object_parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the object.
- `parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the function.
- `result_field` (String) The result field of the function.


<a id="nestedatt--ipam_threshold_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipam_threshold_settings`

Optional:

- `reset_value` (Number) Indicates the percentage point which resets the email/SNMP trap sending.
- `trigger_value` (Number) Indicates the percentage point which triggers the email/SNMP trap sending.


<a id="nestedatt--ipam_trap_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipam_trap_settings`

Optional:

- `enable_email_warnings` (Boolean) Determines whether sending warnings by email is enabled or not.
- `enable_snmp_warnings` (Boolean) Determines whether sending warnings by SNMP is enabled or not.


<a id="nestedatt--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logic_filter_rules`

Optional:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address or FQDN of the Microsoft server.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name


<a id="nestedatt--ms_ad_user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_ad_user_data`

Read-Only:

- `active_users_count` (Number) The number of active users.


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.


<a id="nestedatt--port_control_blackout_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_control_blackout_setting`

Optional:

- `blackout_duration` (Number) The blackout duration in seconds; minimum value is 1 minute.
- `blackout_schedule` (Attributes) A Schedule Setting struct that determines blackout schedule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_control_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule))
- `enable_blackout` (Boolean) Determines whether a blackout is enabled or not.

<a id="nestedatt--port_control_blackout_setting--blackout_schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_control_blackout_setting.blackout_schedule`

Optional:

- `day_of_month` (Number) The day of the month for the scheduled task.
- `disable` (Boolean) If set to True, the scheduled task is disabled.
- `every` (Number) The number of frequency to wait before repeating the scheduled task.
- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the scheduled task.
- `hour_of_day` (Number) The hour of day for the scheduled task.
- `minutes_past_hour` (Number) The minutes past the hour for the scheduled task.
- `month` (Number) The month for the scheduled task.
- `recurring_time` (Number) The recurring time for the schedule in Epoch seconds format. This field is obsolete and is preserved only for backward compatibility purposes. Please use other applicable fields to define the recurring schedule. DO NOT use recurring_time together with these fields. If you use recurring_time with other fields to define the recurring schedule, recurring_time has priority over year, hour_of_day, and minutes_past_hour and will override the values of these fields, although it does not override month and day_of_month. In this case, the recurring time value might be different than the intended value that you define.
- `repeat` (String) Indicates if the scheduled task will be repeated or run only once.
- `time_zone` (String) The time zone for the schedule.
- `weekdays` (List of String) Days of the week when scheduling is triggered.
- `year` (Number) The year for the scheduled task.



<a id="nestedatt--subscribe_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscribe_settings`

Optional:

- `enabled_attributes` (List of String) The list of Cisco ISE attributes allowed for subscription.
- `mapped_ea_attributes` (Attributes List) The list of NIOS extensible attributes to Cisco ISE attributes mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscribe_settings.mapped_ea_attributes`

Optional:

- `mapped_ea` (String) The name of the extensible attribute definition object the Cisco ISE attribute that is enabled for subscription is mapped on.
- `name` (String) The Cisco ISE attribute name that is enabled for publishsing from a Cisco ISE endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--vlans"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vlans`

Optional:

- `vlan` (Map of String) Reference to the underlying StaticVlan object vlan.

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) VLAN ID value.
- `name` (String) Name of the VLAN.


<a id="nestedatt--zone_associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone_associations`

Optional:

- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN of the authoritative forward zone.
- `is_default` (Boolean) True if this is the default zone.
- `view` (String) The view to which the zone belongs. If a view is not specified, the default view is used.
