---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_ipam_networktemplate Resource - nios"
subcategory: "IPAM"
description: |-
  Manages a Network Template.
---

# nios_ipam_networktemplate (Resource)

Manages a Network Template.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create an IPAM Network Template with Basic Fields
resource "nios_ipam_networktemplate" "ipam_network_template_basic" {
  name    = "example_network_template"
  netmask = 24

  // add cloud_api_compatible = true if Terraform Internal ID extensible attribute has cloud access
  cloud_api_compatible = false
}

// Create an IPAM Network Template with Additional Fields
resource "nios_ipam_networktemplate" "ipam_network_template_with_additional_fields" {
  // Required attributes
  name = "example_network_template2"

  comment = "Example IPAM Network Template"

  auto_create_reversezone = false
  allow_any_netmask       = true
  bootfile                = "pxelinux.0"
  bootserver              = "192.168.1.10"
  use_bootfile            = true
  use_bootserver          = true

  // DDNS settings
  enable_ddns                     = true
  use_enable_ddns                 = true
  ddns_domainname                 = "example.com"
  ddns_generate_hostname          = true
  ddns_ttl                        = 3600
  ddns_update_fixed_addresses     = true
  ddns_use_option81               = true
  use_ddns_domainname             = true
  use_ddns_generate_hostname      = true
  use_ddns_ttl                    = true
  use_ddns_update_fixed_addresses = true
  use_ddns_use_option81           = true

  // Email and notification settings
  email_list     = ["admin@example.com", "network@example.com"]
  use_email_list = true

  // Water mark settings
  high_water_mark       = 95
  high_water_mark_reset = 85
  low_water_mark        = 10
  low_water_mark_reset  = 20

  // add cloud_api_compatible = true if Terraform Internal ID extensible attribute has cloud access
  cloud_api_compatible = true

  // Extensible attributes
  extattrs = {
    "Tenant ID" = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this network template.

### Optional

- `allow_any_netmask` (Boolean) This flag controls whether the template allows any netmask. You must specify a netmask when creating a network using this template. If you set this parameter to false, you must specify the "netmask" field for the network template object.
- `authority` (Boolean) Authority for the DHCP network.
- `auto_create_reversezone` (Boolean) This flag controls whether reverse zones are automatically created when the network is added.
- `bootfile` (String) The boot server IPv4 Address or name in FQDN format for the network. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the boot server that the host needs to boot.
- `bootserver` (String) The bootserver address for the network. You can specify the name and/or IP address of the boot server that the host needs to boot. The boot server IPv4 Address or name in FQDN format.
- `cloud_api_compatible` (Boolean) This flag controls whether this template can be used to create network objects in a cloud-computing deployment.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the network; maximum 256 characters.
- `ddns_domainname` (String) The dynamic DNS domain name the appliance uses specifically for DDNS updates for this network.
- `ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) If this field is set to True, the DHCP server generates a hostname and updates DNS with it when the DHCP client request does not contain a hostname.
- `ddns_server_always_updates` (Boolean) This field controls whether the DHCP server is allowed to update DNS, regardless of the DHCP client requests. Note that changes for this field take effect only if ddns_use_option81 is True.
- `ddns_ttl` (Number) The DNS update Time to Live (TTL) value of a DHCP network object. The TTL is a 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `ddns_update_fixed_addresses` (Boolean) By default, the DHCP server does not update DNS when it allocates a fixed address to a client. You can configure the DHCP server to update the A and PTR records of a client with a fixed address. When this feature is enabled and the DHCP server adds A and PTR records for a fixed address, the DHCP server never discards the records.
- `ddns_use_option81` (Boolean) The support for DHCP Option 81 at the network level.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) Reference the Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object should be delegated when the object is created using the template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delegated_member))
- `deny_bootp` (Boolean) If set to True, BOOTP settings are disabled and BOOTP requests will be denied.
- `email_list` (List of String) The e-mail lists to which the appliance sends DHCP threshold alarm e-mail messages.
- `enable_ddns` (Boolean) The dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP network object. If set to True, the DHCP server sends DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid, and to external DNS servers.
- `enable_dhcp_thresholds` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP thresholds are enabled for the network.
- `enable_email_warnings` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP threshold warnings are sent through email.
- `enable_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Set this to True if you want the DHCP server to use a different lease time for PXE clients.
- `enable_snmp_warnings` (Boolean) Determines if DHCP threshold warnings are send through SNMP.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `fixed_address_templates` (List of String) The list of fixed address templates assigned to this network template object. When you create a network based on a network template object that contains fixed address templates, the fixed addresses are created based on the associated fixed address templates.
- `high_water_mark` (Number) The percentage of DHCP network usage threshold above which network usage is not expected and may warrant your attention. When the high watermark is reached, the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning (if enabled). A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100.
- `high_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage of DHCP network usage below which the corresponding SNMP trap is reset. A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100. The high watermark reset value must be lower than the high watermark value.
- `ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) If this field is set to False, the appliance returns all DHCP options the client is eligible to receive, rather than only the list of options the client has requested.
- `ipam_email_addresses` (List of String) The e-mail lists to which the appliance sends IPAM threshold alarm e-mail messages.
- `ipam_threshold_settings` (Attributes) The IPAM Threshold settings for this network template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipam_threshold_settings))
- `ipam_trap_settings` (Attributes) The IPAM Trap settings for this network template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ipam_trap_settings))
- `lease_scavenge_time` (Number) An integer that specifies the period of time (in seconds) that frees and backs up leases remained in the database before they are automatically deleted. To disable lease scavenging, set the parameter to -1. The minimum positive value must be greater than 86400 seconds (1 day).
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on the this network template. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the dhcpd configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logic_filter_rules))
- `low_water_mark` (Number) The percentage of DHCP network usage below which the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning (if enabled). A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100.
- `low_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage of DHCP network usage threshold below which network usage is not expected and may warrant your attention. When the low watermark is crossed, the Infoblox appliance generates a syslog message and sends a warning (if enabled). A number that specifies the percentage of allocated addresses. The range is from 1 to 100. The low watermark reset value must be higher than the low watermark value.
- `members` (Attributes List) A list of members or Microsoft (r) servers that serve DHCP for this network. All members in the array must be of the same type. The struct type must be indicated in each element, by setting the "_struct" member to the struct type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))
- `netmask` (Number) The netmask of the network in CIDR format.
- `nextserver` (String) The name in FQDN and/or IPv4 Address of the next server that the host needs to boot.
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `pxe_lease_time` (Number) The PXE lease time value of a DHCP Network object. Some hosts use PXE (Preboot Execution Environment) to boot remotely from a server. To better manage your IP resources, set a different lease time for PXE boot requests. You can configure the DHCP server to allocate an IP address with a shorter lease time to hosts that send PXE boot requests, so IP addresses are not leased longer than necessary. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `range_templates` (List of String) The list of IP address range templates assigned to this network template object. When you create a network based on a network template object that contains range templates, the IP address ranges are created based on the associated IP address range templates.
- `recycle_leases` (Boolean) If the field is set to True, the leases are kept in the Recycle Bin until one week after expiration. Otherwise, the leases are permanently deleted.
- `rir_organization` (String) The RIR organization assoicated with the network.
- `rir_registration_action` (String) The RIR registration action.
- `rir_registration_status` (String) The registration status of the network in RIR.
- `send_rir_request` (Boolean) Determines whether to send the RIR registration request.
- `update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) This field controls whether the DHCP server updates DNS when a DHCP lease is renewed.
- `use_authority` (Boolean) Use flag for: authority
- `use_bootfile` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootfile
- `use_bootserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: bootserver
- `use_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_domainname
- `use_ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_generate_hostname
- `use_ddns_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_ttl
- `use_ddns_update_fixed_addresses` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_update_fixed_addresses
- `use_ddns_use_option81` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_use_option81
- `use_deny_bootp` (Boolean) Use flag for: deny_bootp
- `use_email_list` (Boolean) Use flag for: email_list
- `use_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ddns
- `use_enable_dhcp_thresholds` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_dhcp_thresholds
- `use_ignore_dhcp_option_list_request` (Boolean) Use flag for: ignore_dhcp_option_list_request
- `use_ipam_email_addresses` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipam_email_addresses
- `use_ipam_threshold_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipam_threshold_settings
- `use_ipam_trap_settings` (Boolean) Use flag for: ipam_trap_settings
- `use_lease_scavenge_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: lease_scavenge_time
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_nextserver` (Boolean) Use flag for: nextserver
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_pxe_lease_time` (Boolean) Use flag for: pxe_lease_time
- `use_recycle_leases` (Boolean) Use flag for: recycle_leases
- `use_update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) Use flag for: update_dns_on_lease_renewal

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `rir` (String) THe registry (RIR) that allocated the network address space.

<a id="nestedatt--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name


<a id="nestedatt--ipam_threshold_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipam_threshold_settings`

Optional:

- `reset_value` (Number) Indicates the percentage point which resets the email/SNMP trap sending.
- `trigger_value` (Number) Indicates the percentage point which triggers the email/SNMP trap sending.


<a id="nestedatt--ipam_trap_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ipam_trap_settings`

Optional:

- `enable_email_warnings` (Boolean) Determines whether sending warnings by email is enabled or not.
- `enable_snmp_warnings` (Boolean) Determines whether sending warnings by SNMP is enabled or not.


<a id="nestedatt--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Required:

- `struct` (String) The struct type of the object. The value must be one of 'dhcpmember' or 'msdhcpserver'.

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address or FQDN of the Microsoft server.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
