---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_ipam_ipv6networktemplate Resource - nios"
subcategory: "IPAM"
description: |-
  Manages an IPv6 Network Template.
---

# nios_ipam_ipv6networktemplate (Resource)

Manages an IPv6 Network Template.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Manage an IPAM IPv6 Network Template with Basic Fields
resource "nios_ipam_ipv6networktemplate" "ipam_ipv6_network_template_basic" {
  name = "example-ipv6-network-template"
  cidr = 24

  // add cloud_api_compatible = true if Terraform Internal ID extensible attribute has cloud access
  cloud_api_compatible = false
}

// Manage an IPAM IPv6 Network Template with Additional Fields
resource "nios_ipam_ipv6networktemplate" "ipam_ipv6_network_template_with_additional_fields" {
  // Required attributes
  name = "example-ipv6-network-template2"
  cidr = 24

  // Basic configuration
  comment = "Example IPv6 network template"

  ddns_enable_option_fqdn    = true
  ddns_generate_hostname     = true
  ddns_server_always_updates = true
  ddns_ttl                   = 100

  enable_ddns = true
  extattrs = {
    "Tenant ID" = "location-1"
  }

  options = [
    {
      name         = "dhcp6.fqdn",
      num          = 39,
      value        = "test_options.com",
      vendor_class = "DHCPv6"
    }
  ]
  preferred_lifetime          = 27000
  recycle_leases              = true
  update_dns_on_lease_renewal = true

  // add cloud_api_compatible = true if Terraform Internal ID extensible attribute has cloud access
  cloud_api_compatible = true

  use_ddns_enable_option_fqdn     = true
  use_ddns_generate_hostname      = true
  use_ddns_ttl                    = true
  use_enable_ddns                 = true
  use_options                     = true
  use_preferred_lifetime          = true
  use_recycle_leases              = true
  use_update_dns_on_lease_renewal = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this IPv6 network template.

### Optional

- `allow_any_netmask` (Boolean) This flag controls whether the template allows any netmask. You must specify a netmask when creating a network using this template. If you set this parameter to False, you must specify the "cidr" field for the network template object.
- `auto_create_reversezone` (Boolean) This flag controls whether reverse zones are automatically created when the network is added.
- `cidr` (Number) The CIDR of the network in CIDR format.
- `cloud_api_compatible` (Boolean) This flag controls whether this template can be used to create network objects in a cloud-computing deployment.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the network; maximum 256 characters.
- `ddns_domainname` (String) The dynamic DNS domain name the appliance uses specifically for DDNS updates for this network.
- `ddns_enable_option_fqdn` (Boolean) Use this method to set or retrieve the ddns_enable_option_fqdn flag of a DHCP IPv6 Network object. This method controls whether the FQDN option sent by the client is to be used, or if the server can automatically generate the FQDN. This setting overrides the upper-level settings.
- `ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) If this field is set to True, the DHCP server generates a hostname and updates DNS with it when the DHCP client request does not contain a hostname.
- `ddns_server_always_updates` (Boolean) This field controls whether the DHCP server is allowed to update DNS, regardless of the DHCP client requests. Note that changes for this field take effect only if ddns_enable_option_fqdn is True.
- `ddns_ttl` (Number) The DNS update Time to Live (TTL) value of a DHCP network object. The TTL is a 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the update is cached. Zero indicates that the update is not cached.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) Reference the Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object should be delegated when the object is created using the template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--delegated_member))
- `domain_name` (String) Use this method to set or retrieve the domain_name value of a DHCP IPv6 Network object.
- `domain_name_servers` (List of String) Use this method to set or retrieve the dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP IPv6 Network object. The DHCP server can send DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid and to external DNS servers. This setting overrides the member level settings.
- `enable_ddns` (Boolean) The dynamic DNS updates flag of a DHCP IPv6 network object. If set to True, the DHCP server sends DDNS updates to DNS servers in the same Grid, and to external DNS servers.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `fixed_address_templates` (List of String) The list of IPv6 fixed address templates assigned to this IPv6 network template object. When you create an IPv6 network based on an IPv6 network template object that contains IPv6 fixed address templates, the IPv6 fixed addresses are created based on the associated IPv6 fixed address templates.
- `ipv6prefix` (String) The IPv6 Address prefix of the DHCP IPv6 network.
- `logic_filter_rules` (Attributes List) This field contains the logic filters to be applied on this IPv6 network template. This list corresponds to the match rules that are written to the DHCPv6 configuration file. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logic_filter_rules))
- `members` (Attributes List) A list of members that serve DHCP for the network. All members in the array must be of the same type. The struct type must be indicated in each element, by setting the "_struct" member to the struct type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))
- `options` (Attributes List) An array of DHCP option dhcpoption structs that lists the DHCP options associated with the object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `preferred_lifetime` (Number) Use this method to set or retrieve the preferred lifetime value of a DHCP IPv6 Network object.
- `range_templates` (List of String) The list of IPv6 address range templates assigned to this IPv6 network template object. When you create an IPv6 network based on an IPv6 network template object that contains IPv6 range templates, the IPv6 address ranges are created based on the associated IPv6 address range templates.
- `recycle_leases` (Boolean) If the field is set to True, the leases are kept in the Recycle Bin until one week after expiration. Otherwise, the leases are permanently deleted.
- `rir_organization` (String) The RIR organization associated with the IPv6 network.
- `rir_registration_action` (String) The action for the RIR registration.
- `rir_registration_status` (String) The registration status of the IPv6 network in RIR.
- `send_rir_request` (Boolean) Determines whether to send the RIR registration request.
- `update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) This field controls whether the DHCP server updates DNS when a DHCP lease is renewed.
- `use_ddns_domainname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_domainname
- `use_ddns_enable_option_fqdn` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_enable_option_fqdn
- `use_ddns_generate_hostname` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_generate_hostname
- `use_ddns_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ddns_ttl
- `use_domain_name` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name
- `use_domain_name_servers` (Boolean) Use flag for: domain_name_servers
- `use_enable_ddns` (Boolean) Use flag for: enable_ddns
- `use_logic_filter_rules` (Boolean) Use flag for: logic_filter_rules
- `use_options` (Boolean) Use flag for: options
- `use_preferred_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: preferred_lifetime
- `use_recycle_leases` (Boolean) Use flag for: recycle_leases
- `use_update_dns_on_lease_renewal` (Boolean) Use flag for: update_dns_on_lease_renewal
- `use_valid_lifetime` (Boolean) Use flag for: valid_lifetime
- `valid_lifetime` (Number) Use this method to set or retrieve the valid lifetime value of a DHCP IPv6 Network object.

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `rir` (String) The registry (RIR) that allocated the IPv6 network address space.

<a id="nestedatt--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name


<a id="nestedatt--logic_filter_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logic_filter_rules`

Required:

- `filter` (String) The filter name.
- `type` (String) The filter type. Valid values are: * MAC * NAC * Option


<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the DHCP option.
- `num` (Number) The code of the DHCP option.
- `use_option` (Boolean) Only applies to special options that are displayed separately from other options and have a use flag. These options are: * routers * router-templates * domain-name-servers * domain-name * broadcast-address * broadcast-address-offset * dhcp-lease-time * dhcp6.name-servers
- `value` (String) Value of the DHCP option. Required to be set for all options.
- `vendor_class` (String) The name of the space this DHCP option is associated to.
