---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_microsoft_mssuperscope Resource - nios"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Mssuperscope resource object.
---

# nios_microsoft_mssuperscope (Resource)

Manages a Mssuperscope resource object.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Manage Microsoft Super Scope with Basic Fields
resource "nios_microsoft_mssuperscope" "microsoft_mssuperscope_basic" {
  name   = "example_mssuperscope"
  ranges = []
}

// Manage Microsoft Super Scope with Additional Fields
resource "nios_microsoft_mssuperscope" "microsoft_mssuperscope_with_additional_fields" {
  name   = "example_mssuperscope_additional"
  ranges = []

  //Extensible Attributes
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Microsoft DHCP superscope.
- `ranges` (List of String) The list of DHCP ranges that are associated with the superscope.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) The superscope descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the superscope is disabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `network_view` (String) The name of the network view in which the superscope resides.

### Read-Only

- `dhcp_utilization` (Number) The percentage of the total DHCP usage of the ranges in the superscope.
- `dhcp_utilization_status` (String) Utilization level of the DHCP range objects that belong to the superscope.
- `dynamic_hosts` (Number) The total number of DHCP leases issued for the DHCP range objects that belong to the superscope.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `high_water_mark` (Number) The percentage value for DHCP range usage after which an alarm will be active.
- `high_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage value for DHCP range usage after which an alarm will be reset.
- `low_water_mark` (Number) The percentage value for DHCP range usage below which an alarm will be active.
- `low_water_mark_reset` (Number) The percentage value for DHCP range usage below which an alarm will be reset.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `static_hosts` (Number) The number of static DHCP addresses configured in DHCP range objects that belong to the superscope.
- `total_hosts` (Number) The total number of DHCP addresses configured in DHCP range objects that belong to the superscope.
