---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint Resource - nios"
subcategory: "MISC"
description: |-
  Manages a Pxgrid Endpoint.
---

# nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint (Resource)

Manages a Pxgrid Endpoint.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create IPAM Network Views (Required as Parent)
resource "nios_ipam_network_view" "example_network_view_parent_1" {
  name = "example_network_view_1"
}

resource "nios_ipam_network_view" "example_network_view_parent_2" {
  name = "example_network_view_2"
}

// Manage Pxgrid Endpoint with Basic Fields
resource "nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint" "misc_pxgrid_endpoint_basic" {
  address                 = "10.0.0.0"
  client_certificate_file = "${path.module}/../../../internal/testdata/nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint/client.pem"
  name                    = "example_pxgrid_endpoint"
  outbound_member_type    = "GM"
  subscribe_settings = {
    enabled_attributes = ["ENDPOINT_PROFILE", "DOMAINNAME"]
  }
  publish_settings = {
    enabled_attributes = ["IPADDRESS"]
  }
  network_view = nios_ipam_network_view.example_network_view_parent_1.name
}

// Manage Pxgrid Endpoint with Additional Fields
resource "nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint" "misc_pxgrid_endpoint_with_additional_fields" {
  address                 = "11.0.0.0"
  client_certificate_file = "${path.module}/../../../internal/testdata/nios_misc_pxgrid_endpoint/client.pem"
  name                    = "example_pxgrid_endpoint_2"
  outbound_member_type    = "MEMBER"
  outbound_members        = ["infoblox.grid_master_candidate1"]
  subscribe_settings = {
    enabled_attributes = ["ENDPOINT_PROFILE", "DOMAINNAME", "USERNAME"]
  }
  publish_settings = {
    enabled_attributes = ["IPADDRESS"]
  }
  log_level = "INFO"
  timeout   = 100

  // Extensible Attributes
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
  network_view = nios_ipam_network_view.example_network_view_parent_2.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The pxgrid endpoint IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address or Fully-Qualified Domain Name (FQDN)
- `name` (String) The name of the pxgrid endpoint.
- `outbound_member_type` (String) The outbound member that will generate events.
- `subscribe_settings` (Attributes) The Cisco ISE subscribe settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscribe_settings))

### Optional

- `client_certificate_file` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for a notification REST endpoit client certificate.
- `comment` (String) The Cisco ISE endpoint descriptive comment.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a Cisco ISE endpoint is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the Cisco ISE endpoint is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `log_level` (String) The log level for a notification pxgrid endpoint.
- `network_view` (String) The pxgrid network view name.
- `outbound_members` (List of String) The list of members for outbound events.
- `publish_settings` (Attributes) The Cisco ISE publish settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--publish_settings))
- `template_instance` (Attributes) The Pxgrid template instance. You cannot change the parameters of the pxgrid endpoint template instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_instance))
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout of session management (in seconds).
- `vendor_identifier` (String) The vendor identifier.
- `wapi_user_name` (String) The user name for WAPI integration.
- `wapi_user_password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for WAPI integration.

### Read-Only

- `client_certificate_subject` (String) The Cisco ISE client certificate subject.
- `client_certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for Cisco ISE client certificate.
- `client_certificate_valid_from` (Number) The pxgrid endpoint client certificate valid from.
- `client_certificate_valid_to` (Number) The pxgrid endpoint client certificate valid to.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--subscribe_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscribe_settings`

Required:

- `enabled_attributes` (List of String) The list of Cisco ISE attributes allowed for subscription.

Optional:

- `mapped_ea_attributes` (Attributes List) The list of NIOS extensible attributes to Cisco ISE attributes mappings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes))

<a id="nestedatt--subscribe_settings--mapped_ea_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subscribe_settings.mapped_ea_attributes`

Required:

- `mapped_ea` (String) The name of the extensible attribute definition object the Cisco ISE attribute that is enabled for subscription is mapped on.
- `name` (String) The Cisco ISE attribute name that is enabled for publishsing from a Cisco ISE endpoint.



<a id="nestedatt--publish_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `publish_settings`

Required:

- `enabled_attributes` (List of String) The list of NIOS extensible attributes enalbed for publishsing to Cisco ISE endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--template_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_instance`

Required:

- `template` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) The notification REST template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_instance--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--template_instance--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_instance.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.
- `syntax` (String) The syntax of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the REST API template parameter.

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the REST API template parameter.
