---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_misc_dxl_endpoint Resource - nios"
subcategory: "MISC"
description: |-
  Manages a DXL Endpoint.
---

# nios_misc_dxl_endpoint (Resource)

Manages a DXL Endpoint.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Manage DXL Endpoint  with Basic Fields
resource "nios_misc_dxl_endpoint" "misc_dxl_endpoint_basic" {
  client_certificate_file = "${path.module}/../../../internal/testdata/nios_misc_dxl_endpoint/client.pem"
  name                    = "example-dxl-endpoint"
  outbound_member_type    = "GM"
  brokers = [
    {
      host_name = "broker1.example.com",
      port      = 8443
    },
  ]
}

// Manage DXL Endpoint with Additional Fields
resource "nios_misc_dxl_endpoint" "misc_dxl_endpoint_with_additional_fields" {
  client_certificate_file = "${path.module}/../../../internal/testdata/nios_misc_dxl_endpoint/client.pem"
  name                    = "example-dxl-endpoint2"
  outbound_member_type    = "MEMBER"
  outbound_members        = ["infoblox.grid_master_candidate1"]
  brokers_import_file     = "${path.module}/../../../internal/testdata/nios_misc_dxl_endpoint/brokerlist.properties"
  template_instance = {
    template = "Version5_DXL_Session_Template"
  }

  log_level          = "INFO"
  wapi_user_name     = "admin"
  wapi_user_password = "password"

  // Extensible Attributes
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_certificate_file` (String) The file path for the DXL endpoint client certificate.
- `name` (String) The name of a DXL endpoint.
- `outbound_member_type` (String) The outbound member that will generate events.

### Optional

- `brokers` (Attributes List) The list of DXL endpoint brokers. Note that you cannot specify brokers and brokers_import_token at the same time. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--brokers))
- `brokers_import_file` (String) The file path for the DXL broker configuration file. When specified, the file is uploaded and the resulting configuration is stored in the brokers field.
- `brokers_import_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for a DXL broker configuration file. Note that you cannot specify brokers and brokers_import_token at the same time.
- `comment` (String) The comment of a DXL endpoint.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether a DXL endpoint is disabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `log_level` (String) The log level for a DXL endpoint.
- `outbound_members` (List of String) The list of members for outbound events.
- `template_instance` (Attributes) The DXL template instance. You cannot change the parameters of the DXL endpoint template instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_instance))
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout of session management (in seconds).
- `topics` (List of String) DXL topics
- `vendor_identifier` (String) The vendor identifier.
- `wapi_user_name` (String) The user name for WAPI integration.
- `wapi_user_password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for WAPI integration.

### Read-Only

- `client_certificate_subject` (String) The client certificate subject of a DXL endpoint.
- `client_certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for a DXL endpoint client certificate.
- `client_certificate_valid_from` (Number) The timestamp when client certificate for a DXL endpoint was created.
- `client_certificate_valid_to` (Number) The timestamp when the client certificate for a DXL endpoint expires.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default and internal attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `uuid` (String) Universally Unique ID assigned for this object.

<a id="nestedatt--brokers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `brokers`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address for the DXL endpoint broker.
- `host_name` (String) The FQDN for the DXL endpoint broker.
- `port` (Number) The communication port for the DXL endpoint broker.
- `unique_id` (String) The unique identifier for the DXL endpoint.


<a id="nestedatt--template_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_instance`

Required:

- `template` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) The notification REST template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_instance--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--template_instance--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_instance.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.
- `syntax` (String) The syntax of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the REST API template parameter.

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the REST API template parameter.
