---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_misc_tftpfiledir Resource - nios"
subcategory: "MISC"
description: |-
  Manages a TFTP file/directory object.
---

# nios_misc_tftpfiledir (Resource)

Manages a TFTP file/directory object.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Manage TFTP file/directory object with Basic Fields
resource "nios_misc_tftpfiledir" "misc_tftpfiledir_basic" {
  name = "example-tftpfiledir"
  type = "DIRECTORY"
}

// Manage TFTP file/directory object with Additional Fields
// Additional Configuration required to allow the client `10.0.0.0/24` to perform file transfers for the member `infoblox.localdomain`
resource "nios_misc_tftpfiledir" "misc_tftpfiledir_with_additional_fields" {
  name      = "example-tftpfiledir2"
  type      = "DIRECTORY"
  directory = "/ftpusers"
  vtftp_dir_members = [
    {
      member  = "infoblox.localdomain"
      ip_type = "NETWORK"
      network = "10.0.0.0"
      cidr    = 24
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The TFTP directory or file name.
- `type` (String) The type of TFTP file system entity (directory or file). TYPE `FILE` is not supported through terraform provider and is reserved for future use.

### Optional

- `directory` (String) The path to the directory that contains file or subdirectory.
- `vtftp_dir_members` (Attributes List) The replication members with TFTP client addresses where this virtual folder is applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vtftp_dir_members))

### Read-Only

- `is_synced_to_gm` (Boolean) Determines whether the TFTP entity is synchronized to Grid Master.
- `last_modify` (Number) The time when the file or directory was last modified.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `uuid` (String) Universally Unique ID assigned for this object.

<a id="nestedatt--vtftp_dir_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vtftp_dir_members`

Required:

- `ip_type` (String) The IP type of the virtual TFTP root directory.
- `member` (String) The Grid member on which to create the virtual TFTP directory.

Optional:

- `address` (String) The IP address of the clients which will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
- `cidr` (Number) The CIDR of network the clients from which will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
- `end_address` (String) The end IP address of the range within which the clients will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
- `network` (String) The IP address of network the clients from which will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
- `start_address` (String) The start IP address of the range within which the clients will see the virtual TFTP directory as the root directory.
