---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_misc_syslog_endpoint Resource - nios"
subcategory: "MISC"
description: |-
  
---

# nios_misc_syslog_endpoint (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create Syslog Endpoint with Basic Fields
resource "nios_misc_syslog_endpoint" "syslogendpoint_1" {
  name                 = "syslogendpoint1"
  outbound_member_type = "GM"
  syslog_servers       = [{ "address" : "10.1.1.1", "port" : 514, "connection_type" : "udp", "format" : "formatted" }]
}

// Create Syslog Endpoint with Additional Fields
resource "nios_misc_syslog_endpoint" "syslogendpoint_2" {
  name                 = "syslogendpoint2"
  outbound_member_type = "GM"
  syslog_servers       = [{ "address" : "10.1.1.2", "port" : 514, "connection_type" : "udp", "format" : "formatted" }]
  wapi_user_name       = "admin"
  wapi_user_password   = "Example-Admin123!"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of a Syslog endpoint.
- `outbound_member_type` (String) The outbound member that will generate events.

### Optional

- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `log_level` (String) The log level for a notification REST endpoint.
- `outbound_members` (List of String) The list of members for outbound events.
- `syslog_servers` (Attributes List) List of syslog servers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--syslog_servers))
- `template_instance` (Attributes) The Syslog template instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_instance))
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout of session management (in seconds).
- `vendor_identifier` (String) The vendor identifier.
- `wapi_user_name` (String) The user name for WAPI integration.
- `wapi_user_password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for WAPI integration.

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--syslog_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `syslog_servers`

Required:

- `address` (String) Syslog Server IP address

Optional:

- `certificate_file_path` (String) The file path to the certificate.
- `connection_type` (String) Connection type values
- `facility` (String) Facility values for syslog endpoint server
- `format` (String) Format vlues for syslog endpoint server
- `hostname` (String) List of hostnames
- `port` (Number) The port this server listens on.
- `severity` (String) Severity values for syslog endpoint server.

Read-Only:

- `certificate` (Attributes) Reference for creating sysog endpoint server. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--syslog_servers--certificate))
- `certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop.

<a id="nestedatt--syslog_servers--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `syslog_servers.certificate`

Read-Only:

- `issuer` (String) The certificate issuer subject name.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the Syslog endpoint server certificate.
- `serial` (String) The certificate serial number in hex format.
- `subject` (String) The certificate subject name.
- `valid_not_after` (Number) The date after which the certificate becomes invalid.
- `valid_not_before` (Number) The date before which the certificate is not valid.



<a id="nestedatt--template_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_instance`

Required:

- `template` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) The notification REST template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_instance--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--template_instance--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_instance.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.
- `syntax` (String) The syntax of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the REST API template parameter.

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the REST API template parameter.
