---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_notification_rest_endpoint Resource - nios"
subcategory: "NOTIFICATION"
description: |-
  Manages a Notification REST Endpoint.
---

# nios_notification_rest_endpoint (Resource)

Manages a Notification REST Endpoint.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create a Notification REST Endpoint with Basic Fields
resource "nios_notification_rest_endpoint" "notification_rest_endpoint_with_basic_fields" {
  name                 = "example-notification-rest-endpoint-1"
  outbound_member_type = "GM"
  uri                  = "https://example.com"
}

// Create a Notification REST Endpoint with Additional Fields
resource "nios_notification_rest_endpoint" "notification_rest_endpoint_with_additional_fields" {
  name                 = "example-notification-rest-endpoint-2"
  outbound_member_type = "MEMBER"
  uri                  = "https://example.com"
  outbound_members = [
    "infoblox.grid_master_candidate1",
  ]

  // Additional Fields
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
  username               = "example_username"
  password               = "example_password"
  server_cert_validation = "NO_VALIDATION"
  sync_disabled          = true
  template_instance = {
    parameters = [
      {
        name   = "SPECIAL1"
        syntax = "INT"
      },
      {
        name   = "SPECIAL2"
        syntax = "STR"
      },
      {
        name   = "SPECIAL3"
        syntax = "BOOL"
      }
    ]
    template = "REST API Template"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of a notification REST endpoint.
- `outbound_member_type` (String) The outbound member which will generate an event.
- `uri` (String) The URI of a notification REST endpoint.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) The comment of a notification REST endpoint.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `log_level` (String) The log level for a notification REST endpoint.
- `outbound_members` (List of String) The list of members for outbound events.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the user that can log into a notification REST endpoint.
- `server_cert_validation` (String) The server certificate validation type.
- `sync_disabled` (Boolean) Determines if the sync process is disabled for a notification REST endpoint.
- `template_instance` (Attributes) The notification REST template instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_instance))
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout of session management (in seconds).
- `username` (String) The username of the user that can log into a notification REST endpoint.
- `vendor_identifier` (String) The vendor identifier.
- `wapi_user_name` (String) The user name for WAPI integration.
- `wapi_user_password` (String, Sensitive) The user password for WAPI integration.

### Read-Only

- `client_certificate_subject` (String) The client certificate subject of a notification REST endpoint.
- `client_certificate_token` (String) The token returned by the uploadinit function call in object fileop for a notification REST endpoit client certificate.
- `client_certificate_valid_from` (Number) The timestamp when client certificate for a notification REST endpoint was created.
- `client_certificate_valid_to` (Number) The timestamp when client certificate for a notification REST endpoint expires.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--template_instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_instance`

Required:

- `template` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) The notification REST template parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--template_instance--parameters))

<a id="nestedatt--template_instance--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `template_instance.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the REST API template parameter.
- `syntax` (String) The syntax of the REST API template parameter.

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value of the REST API template parameter.

Read-Only:

- `default_value` (String) The default value of the REST API template parameter.
