---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_parentalcontrol_subscribersite Resource - nios"
subcategory: "PARENTAL CONTROL"
description: |-
  
---

# nios_parentalcontrol_subscribersite (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create a Parental Control Subscriber Site with Basic Fields
resource "nios_parentalcontrol_subscribersite" "subscriber_site_with_basic_fields" {
  name = "example_subscriber_site-1"
}

// Create a Parental Control Subscriber Site with Additional Fields
resource "nios_parentalcontrol_subscribersite" "subscriber_site_with_additional_fields" {
  name = "example_subscriber_site_2"

  // Additional Fields
  comment = "Example Subscriber Site"
  nas_gateways = [
    {
      "ip_address" = "12.1.1.1",
      "name"       = "nas_gateway_1",
      "send_ack" : false,
      "shared_secret" : "secret123"
    }
  ]

  // Extensible Attributes
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the site.

### Optional

- `abss` (Attributes List) The list of ABS for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--abss))
- `api_members` (Attributes List) The list of API members for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--api_members))
- `block_size` (Number) The size of the Deterministic NAT block-size.
- `blocking_ipv4_vip1` (String) The IPv4 Address of the blocking server.
- `blocking_ipv4_vip2` (String) The IPv4 Address of the blocking server.
- `blocking_ipv6_vip1` (String) The IPv6 Address of the blocking server.
- `blocking_ipv6_vip2` (String) The IPv6 Address of the blocking server.
- `comment` (String) The human readable comment for the site.
- `dca_sub_bw_list` (Boolean) Enable/disable the DCA subscriber B/W list support.
- `dca_sub_query_count` (Boolean) Enable/disable the DCA subscriber query count.
- `enable_global_allow_list_rpz` (Boolean) Enable/disable global allow list RPZ setting.
- `enable_rpz_filtering_bypass` (Boolean) Enable/disable Subscriber Secure Policy Bypass for Allowed list.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `first_port` (Number) The start of the first Deterministic block.
- `global_allow_list_rpz` (Number) Global allow list RPZ index. Valid values are between 0 and 63.
- `maximum_subscribers` (Number) The max number of subscribers for the site. It is used to configure the cache size.
- `members` (Attributes List) The list of members for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))
- `msps` (Attributes List) The list of MSP for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--msps))
- `nas_gateways` (Attributes List) The list of accounting log servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nas_gateways))
- `nas_port` (Number) The port number to reach the collector.
- `proxy_rpz_passthru` (Boolean) Enforce the global proxy list.
- `spms` (Attributes List) The list of SPM for the site. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spms))
- `stop_anycast` (Boolean) Stop the anycast service when the subscriber service is in the interim state.
- `strict_nat` (Boolean) Restrict subscriber cache entries to NATed clients.
- `subscriber_collection_type` (String) Subscriber collection type either RADIUS or API.

### Read-Only

- `api_port` (Number) The port number for gRPC API server.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--abss"></a>
### Nested Schema for `abss`

Required:

- `blocking_policy` (String) The blocking policy for the addional blocking server.
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of addional blocking server.


<a id="nestedatt--api_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `api_members`

Required:

- `name` (String) The Grid member name.


<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Required:

- `name` (String) The Grid member name.

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of member.


<a id="nestedatt--msps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `msps`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP Address of MSP.


<a id="nestedatt--nas_gateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nas_gateways`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of NAS gateway.
- `name` (String) The name of NAS gateway.
- `shared_secret` (String) The protocol MD5 phrase.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) The human readable comment for NAS gateway.
- `send_ack` (Boolean) Determines whether an acknowledge needs to be sent.

Read-Only:

- `message_rate` (Number) The message rate per server.


<a id="nestedatt--spms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spms`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP Address of SPM.
