---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_rpz_record_rpz_a Resource - nios"
subcategory: "RPZ"
description: |-
  Manages a RPZ A record.
---

# nios_rpz_record_rpz_a (Resource)

Manages a RPZ A record.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create Record RPZ A with Basic Fields
resource "nios_rpz_record_rpz_a" "create_record_rpz_a" {
  name     = "record1.rpz.example.com"
  ipv4addr = "10.10.0.1"
  rp_zone  = "rpz.example.com"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Create Record RPZ A with Additional Fields
resource "nios_rpz_record_rpz_a" "create_record_rpz_a_with_additional_fields" {
  name     = "record2.rpz.example.com"
  ipv4addr = "10.10.0.2"
  rp_zone  = "rpz.example.com"
  view     = "default"
  use_ttl  = true
  ttl      = 10
  comment  = "Example RPZ A record"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for a record in FQDN format. This value cannot be in unicode format.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) The comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the substitute rule.
- `rp_zone` (String) The name of a response policy zone in which the record resides.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value for record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS View in which the record resides. Example: "external".

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.
