---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_rpz_record_srv Resource - nios"
subcategory: "RPZ"
description: |-
  Manages an RPZ SRV record.
---

# nios_rpz_record_srv (Resource)

Manages an RPZ SRV record.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create Parent RP Zone
resource "nios_dns_zone_rp" "parent_zone" {
  fqdn = "rpz.example.com"
}

// Create Record RPZ SRV with Basic Fields
resource "nios_rpz_record_srv" "create_record_rpz_srv" {
  name     = "record1.${nios_dns_zone_rp.parent_zone.fqdn}"
  target   = "record1.target.${nios_dns_zone_rp.parent_zone.fqdn}"
  rp_zone  = nios_dns_zone_rp.parent_zone.fqdn
  port     = 80
  priority = 10
  weight   = 20
}

// Create Record RPZ SRV with Additional Fields
resource "nios_rpz_record_srv" "create_record_rpz_srv_with_additional_fields" {
  name     = "record2.${nios_dns_zone_rp.parent_zone.fqdn}"
  target   = "record2.target.${nios_dns_zone_rp.parent_zone.fqdn}"
  rp_zone  = nios_dns_zone_rp.parent_zone.fqdn
  port     = 443
  priority = 5
  weight   = 50
  view     = "default"
  use_ttl  = true
  ttl      = 10
  comment  = "Example RPZ SRV record"
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name for a record in FQDN format. This value cannot be in unicode format.
- `port` (Number) The port of the Substitute (SRV Record) Rule. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the Substitute (SRV Record) Rule. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.
- `rp_zone` (String) The name of a response policy zone in which the record resides.
- `target` (String) The target of the Substitute (SRV Record) Rule in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `weight` (Number) The weight of the Substitute (SRV Record) Rule. Valid values are from 0 to 65535 (inclusive), in 32-bit unsigned integer format.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) The comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object. For valid values for extensible attributes, see {extattrs:values}.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value for record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS View in which the record resides. Example: "external".

### Read-Only

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.
