---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_security_admin_group Resource - nios"
subcategory: "SECURITY"
description: |-
  Manages an Admin Group.
---

# nios_security_admin_group (Resource)

Manages an Admin Group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create an Admin Group with Basic Fields
resource "nios_security_admin_group" "admin_group_with_basic_fields" {
  name = "example_admin_group"
}

// Create an Admin Group with Additional Fields with user_access as IP address
resource "nios_security_admin_group" "admin_group_with_additional_fields" {
  name          = "example_admin_group2"
  access_method = ["GUI", "API", "CLI", "TAXII"]
  admin_set_commands = {
    set_bfd = true
    set_bfg = false
  }
  admin_show_commands = {
    show_bfd = true
    show_bfg = false
  }
  admin_toplevel_commands = {
    iostat  = true
    netstat = true
  }
  cloud_set_commands = {
    set_cloud_services_portal = true
  }
  database_set_commands = {
    set_db_rollover = true
    set_db_snapshot = false
  }
  dhcp_set_commands = {
    set_overload_bootp = true
  }
  dns_show_commands = {
    show_dns       = true
    show_dns_accel = false
  }
  dns_set_commands = {
    set_dns       = true
    set_dns_accel = false
  }
  dns_toplevel_commands = {
    ddns_delete = true
    ddns_add    = false
  }
  docker_set_commands = {
    set_docker_bridge = true
  }
  docker_show_commands = {
    show_docker_bridge = true
  }
  email_addresses = ["abd@info.com", "xyz@example.com"]
  grid_set_commands = {
    set_dscp       = true
    set_membership = false
  }
  grid_show_commands = {
    show_token = true
  }
  inactivity_lockout_setting = {
    inactive_days                        = 20
    reactivate_via_remote_console_enable = true
    reminder_days                        = 10
  }
  use_account_inactivity_lockout_enable = true
  password_setting = {
    expire_days   = 90
    expire_enable = true
    reminder_days = 15
  }
  use_password_setting = true
  roles                = ["DHCP Admin", "DNS Admin", "Grid Admin"]
  saml_setting = {
    auto_create_user          = true
    persist_auto_created_user = false
  }
  superuser = true
  user_access = [
    {
      address    = "12.12.1.1"
      permission = "ALLOW"
    }
  ]
}

// Create Named Access Control Lists (ACLs) ( required as parent )
resource "nios_acl_namedacl" "namedacl_with_basic_fields" {
  name = "example-named-acl"
  access_list = [
    {
      struct     = "addressac"
      address    = "10.0.0.1"
      permission = "ALLOW"
    },
    {
      struct     = "addressac"
      address    = "10.0.0.2"
      permission = "ALLOW"
    }
  ]
}

// Create an Admin Group with Additional Fields with user_access as Named ACL
resource "nios_security_admin_group" "admin_group_with_additional_fields2" {
  name    = "example_admin_group3"
  comment = "Example Admin Group with additional fields"
  disable = true
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
  cloud_show_commands = {
    show_cloud_services_portal = true
  }
  database_show_commands = {
    show_backup                   = true
    show_database_transfer_status = false
  }
  dhcp_show_commands = {
    show_log_txn_id               = false
    show_dhcpd_recv_sock_buf_size = true
  }
  licensing_set_commands = {
    set_license                 = true
    set_reporting_reset_license = false
  }
  licensing_show_commands = {
    show_license                = true
    show_license_pool_container = false
  }
  lockout_setting = {
    failed_lockout_duration                         = 30
    never_unlock_user                               = false
    sequential_attempts                             = 3
    enable_sequential_failed_login_attempts_lockout = true
  }
  use_lockout_setting = true
  machine_control_toplevel_commands = {
    reboot   = true
    restart  = false
    reset    = true
    shutdown = false
  }
  networking_set_commands = {
    set_connection_limit = true
    set_network          = false
  }
  networking_show_commands = {
    show_connection_limit = true
    show_connections      = false
  }
  security_set_commands = {
    set_adp     = true
    set_cc_mode = false
  }
  security_show_commands = {
    show_cc_mode                 = true
    show_certificate_auth_admins = false
  }
  trouble_shooting_toplevel_commands = {
    console = true
    dig     = false
    ping    = true
  }
  disable_concurrent_login     = false
  use_disable_concurrent_login = true
  user_access = [
    {
      ref = nios_acl_namedacl.namedacl_with_basic_fields.ref
    }
  ]
  depends_on = [nios_acl_namedacl.namedacl_with_basic_fields]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Admin Group.

### Optional

- `access_method` (List of String) Access methods specify whether an admin group can use the GUI and the API to access the appliance or to send Taxii messages to the appliance. Note that API includes both the Perl API and RESTful API.
- `admin_set_commands` (Attributes) Admin set commands for the admin command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--admin_set_commands))
- `admin_show_commands` (Attributes) Admin show commands for the admin command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--admin_show_commands))
- `admin_toplevel_commands` (Attributes) Admin toplevel commands for the admin command group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--admin_toplevel_commands))
- `cloud_set_commands` (Attributes) Cloud set commands for the cloud command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_set_commands))
- `cloud_show_commands` (Attributes) Cloud show commands for admin group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_show_commands))
- `comment` (String) Comment for the Admin Group; maximum 256 characters.
- `database_set_commands` (Attributes) Database show commands for admin group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_set_commands))
- `database_show_commands` (Attributes) Database show commands for the database command. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--database_show_commands))
- `dhcp_set_commands` (Attributes) Dhcp set commands for the dhcp command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp_set_commands))
- `dhcp_show_commands` (Attributes) Dhcp show commands for the dhcp command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp_show_commands))
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the Admin Group is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the Admin Group is enabled.
- `disable_concurrent_login` (Boolean) Disable concurrent login feature
- `dns_set_commands` (Attributes) Dns set commands for the dns command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns_set_commands))
- `dns_show_commands` (Attributes) Dns show commands for the dns command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns_show_commands))
- `dns_toplevel_commands` (Attributes) Dns toplevel commands for the dns command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns_toplevel_commands))
- `docker_set_commands` (Attributes) Docker set commands for the docker command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--docker_set_commands))
- `docker_show_commands` (Attributes) Docker show commands for the docker command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--docker_show_commands))
- `email_addresses` (List of String) The e-mail addresses for the Admin Group.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `grid_set_commands` (Attributes) Grid set commands for the grid command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grid_set_commands))
- `grid_show_commands` (Attributes) Grid show commands for the grid command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grid_show_commands))
- `inactivity_lockout_setting` (Attributes) The Admin group inactivity lockout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--inactivity_lockout_setting))
- `licensing_set_commands` (Attributes) Set commands for the licensing command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--licensing_set_commands))
- `licensing_show_commands` (Attributes) Show commands for the licensing command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--licensing_show_commands))
- `lockout_setting` (Attributes) This struct specifies security policy settings in admin group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--lockout_setting))
- `machine_control_toplevel_commands` (Attributes) Machine control toplevel commands for the machine control command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--machine_control_toplevel_commands))
- `networking_set_commands` (Attributes) Set commands for the networking command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networking_set_commands))
- `networking_show_commands` (Attributes) Show commands for the networking command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networking_show_commands))
- `password_setting` (Attributes) The Admin Group password settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_setting))
- `roles` (List of String) The names of roles this Admin Group applies to.
- `saml_setting` (Attributes) The Admin Group SAML settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_setting))
- `security_set_commands` (Attributes) Set commands for the security command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_set_commands))
- `security_show_commands` (Attributes) Show commands for the security command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_show_commands))
- `superuser` (Boolean) Determines whether this Admin Group is a superuser group. A superuser group can perform all operations on the appliance, and can view and configure all types of data.
- `trouble_shooting_toplevel_commands` (Attributes) Toplevel commands for the troubleshooting command group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trouble_shooting_toplevel_commands))
- `use_account_inactivity_lockout_enable` (Boolean) This is the use flag for account inactivity lockout settings.
- `use_disable_concurrent_login` (Boolean) Whether to override grid concurrent login
- `use_lockout_setting` (Boolean) Whether to override grid sequential lockout setting
- `use_password_setting` (Boolean) Whether grid password expiry setting should be override.
- `user_access` (Attributes List) The access control items for this Admin Group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_access))

### Read-Only

- `enable_restricted_user_access` (Boolean) Determines whether the restrictions will be applied to the admin connector level for users of this Admin Group.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--admin_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_set_commands`

Optional:

- `et_bfd` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_admin_group_acl` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_analytics_database_dump` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_analytics_parameter` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_bfd` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_bgp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_clean_mscache` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_collect_old_logs` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_core_files_quota` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_debug` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_debug_analytics` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_delete_tasks_interval` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_disable_gui_one_click_support` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_enable_doh_key_logging` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_enable_dot_key_logging` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_expertmode` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_hardware_type` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_hotfix` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_hsm_group` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_hw_ident` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ibtrap` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_lines` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_maintenancemode` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_mgm` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ms_max_connection` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_nosafemode` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ntp_stratum` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ocsp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_pc_domain` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_purge_restart_objects` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_report_frequency` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_reporting_user_capabilities` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_rpz_recursive_only` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_safemode` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_scheduled` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_snmptrap` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_sysname` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_term` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_thresholdtrap` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_transfer_reporting_data` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_transfer_supportbundle` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_wred` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--admin_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_admin_group_acl` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_analytics_database_dumps` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_analytics_parameter` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_arp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_bfd` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_bgp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_capacity` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_clusterd_info` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_config` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_cores` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_coresummary` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_cpu` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_csp_threat_db` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_date` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_debug` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_debug_analytics` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_delete_tasks_interval` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_disk` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_hardware_status` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_hardware_type` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_hsm_group` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_hsm_info` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_hw_ident` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_hwid` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ibtrap` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_log` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_logfiles` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_memory` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ntp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ntp_stratum` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_pc_domain` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_pmap` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_process` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_pstack` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_report_frequency` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_reporting_user_capabilities` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_rpz_recursive_only` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_safenet_support_info` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_scheduled` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_snmp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_status` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_tech_support` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_temperature` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_thresholdtrap` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_upgrade_history` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_uptime` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_version` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_wred_stats` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_wred_status` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--admin_toplevel_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `admin_toplevel_commands`

Optional:

- `iostat` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `netstat` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `ps` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `resilver` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `restart_product` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `rndc` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `saml_restart` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `sar` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `scrape` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `synctime` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `tcpdump` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `vmstat` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_set_commands`

Optional:

- `set_cloud_services_portal` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_cloud_services_portal_forcerefresh` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_cloud_services_portal` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--database_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_set_commands`

Optional:

- `set_circ_txn_trace` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_database_transfer` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_db_rollover` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_db_snapshot` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_dbsize` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_debug_tools` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_named_max_journal_size` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_txn_trace` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--database_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `database_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_backup` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_database_transfer_status` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_db_ph` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dbsize` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ibdbstat` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_named_max_journal_size` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_txn_trace` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--dhcp_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp_set_commands`

Optional:

- `set_dhcpd_recv_sock_buf_size` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_log_txn_id` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_overload_bootp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_regenerate_dhcp_updater_keys` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--dhcp_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_dhcp_gss_tsig` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dhcpd_recv_sock_buf_size` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dhcpv6_gss_tsig` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_log_txn_id` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_overload_bootp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--dns_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_set_commands`

Optional:

- `set_allow_query_domain` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_dns` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_dns_accel` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_dns_accel_debug` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_dns_auto_gen` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_dns_rrl` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_enable_dnstap` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_enable_match_recursive_only` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_extra_dns_name_validations` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_log_guest_lookups` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_max_recursion_depth` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_max_recursion_queries` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_monitor` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ms_dns_reports_sync_interval` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ms_sticky_ip` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_restart_anycast_with_dns_restart` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_rpz_add_soa` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--dns_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_allow_query_domain` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_allow_query_domain_views` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dns` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dns_accel` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dns_accel_debug` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dns_gss_tsig` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dns_over_tls_config` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dns_over_tls_stats` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dns_over_tls_status` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dns_rrl` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dnstap_stats` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dnstap_status` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_doh_config` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_doh_stats` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_doh_status` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dtc_ea` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_dtc_geoip` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_enable_match_recursive_only` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_extra_dns_name_validations` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_log_guest_lookups` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_max_recursion_depth` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_max_recursion_queries` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_monitor` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ms_sticky_ip` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_query_capture` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_restart_anycast_with_dns_restart` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_rpz_add_soa` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--dns_toplevel_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_toplevel_commands`

Optional:

- `ddns_add` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `ddns_delete` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `delete` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `dns_a_record_delete` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--docker_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `docker_set_commands`

Optional:

- `set_docker_bridge` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--docker_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `docker_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_docker_bridge` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--grid_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grid_set_commands`

Optional:

- `set_default_revert_window` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_dscp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_membership` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_nogrid` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_nomastergrid` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_promote_master` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_revert_grid` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_test_promote_master` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_token` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--grid_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grid_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_dscp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_test_promote_master` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_token` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--inactivity_lockout_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inactivity_lockout_setting`

Optional:

- `account_inactivity_lockout_enable` (Boolean) Enable/disable the account inactivity lockout.
- `inactive_days` (Number) Number of days after which account gets locked out if user does not login.
- `reactivate_via_remote_console_enable` (Boolean) Enable/disable reactivating user account by logging in from remote console.
- `reactivate_via_serial_console_enable` (Boolean) Enable/disable reactivating user account by logging in from serial console.
- `reminder_days` (Number) The number of days before the account lockout date when the appliance sends a reminder.


<a id="nestedatt--licensing_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `licensing_set_commands`

Optional:

- `set_license` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_reporting_reset_license` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_temp_license` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--licensing_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `licensing_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_license` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_license_pool_container` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_license_uid` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--lockout_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `lockout_setting`

Optional:

- `enable_sequential_failed_login_attempts_lockout` (Boolean) Enable/disable sequential failed login attempts lockout for local users
- `failed_lockout_duration` (Number) Time period the account remains locked after sequential failed login attempt lockout.
- `never_unlock_user` (Boolean) Never unlock option is also provided and if set then user account is locked forever and only super user can unlock this account
- `sequential_attempts` (Number) The number of failed login attempts


<a id="nestedatt--machine_control_toplevel_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `machine_control_toplevel_commands`

Optional:

- `reboot` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `reset` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `restart` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `shutdown` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--networking_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networking_set_commands`

Optional:

- `set_connection_limit` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_default_route` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_interface` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ip_rate_limit` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ipv6_disable_on_dad` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ipv6_neighbor` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ipv6_ospf` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ipv6_status` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_lom` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_mld_version_1` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_named_recv_sock_buf_size` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_named_tcp_clients_limit` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_network` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_ospf` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_prompt` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_remote_console` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_static_route` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_tcp_timestamps` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_traffic_capture` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_wins_forwarding` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--networking_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networking_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_connection_limit` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_connections` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_default_route` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_interface` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_interface_stats` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ip_rate_limit` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_iproute` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_iprule` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_iptables` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ipv6_bgp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ipv6_disable_on_dad` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ipv6_neighbor` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ipv6_ospf` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_lom` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_mld_version` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_mtu_size` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_named_recv_sock_buf_size` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_named_tcp_clients_limit` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_network` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_network_connectivity` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_ospf` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_remote_console` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_routes` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_static_routes` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_tcp_timestamps` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_traffic_capture_status` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_trafficfiles` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_wins_forwarding` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--password_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_setting`

Optional:

- `expire_days` (Number) The days that password must expire
- `expire_enable` (Boolean) Whether password expiry enabled or not.
- `reminder_days` (Number) Days to show up reminder prior to expiration


<a id="nestedatt--saml_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_setting`

Optional:

- `auto_create_user` (Boolean) Whether or not auto create user.
- `persist_auto_created_user` (Boolean) Whether or not persist auto created user after logout.


<a id="nestedatt--security_set_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_set_commands`

Optional:

- `set_adp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_adp_debug` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_apache_https_cert` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_cc_mode` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_certificate_auth_admins` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_certificate_auth_services` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_check_auth_ns` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_check_ssl_certificate` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_disable_https_cert_regeneration` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_fips_mode` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_reporting_cert` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_security` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_session_timeout` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_subscriber_secure_data` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_support_access` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_support_install` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_support_timeout` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `set_update_rabbitmq_password` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--security_show_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_show_commands`

Optional:

- `show_adp` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_adp_debug` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_cc_mode` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_certificate_auth_admins` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_certificate_auth_services` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_check_auth_ns` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_check_ssl_certificate` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_fips_mode` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_security` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_session_timeout` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_subscriber_secure_data` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_support_access` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_support_timeout` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `show_vpn_cert_dates` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--trouble_shooting_toplevel_commands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trouble_shooting_toplevel_commands`

Optional:

- `console` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `dig` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `ping` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `ping6` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `rotate` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `snmpget` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `snmpwalk` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `strace` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `tracepath` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `traceroute` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command
- `traffic_capture` (Boolean) If True then CLI user has permission to run the command

Read-Only:

- `disable_all` (Boolean) If True then disable all fields
- `enable_all` (Boolean) If True then enable all fields


<a id="nestedatt--user_access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_access`

Optional:

- `address` (String) The address this rule applies to or "Any".
- `permission` (String) The permission to use for this address.
- `ref` (String) The reference of the ACL object.
