---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_threatprotection_grid_rule Resource - nios"
subcategory: "THREAT PROTECTION"
description: |-
  Manages a Threat Protection Grid Rule.
---

# nios_threatprotection_grid_rule (Resource)

Manages a Threat Protection Grid Rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Manage a Threat Protection Grid Rule with Basic Fields
resource "nios_threatprotection_grid_rule" "threatprotection_grid_rule_basic" {
  template = ""
}

// Manage a Threat Protection Grid Rule with Additional Fields
resource "nios_threatprotection_grid_rule" "threatprotection_grid_rule_with_additional_fields" {
  template = ""

  // Additional Fields
  comment = "Threat Protection Grid Rule created by Terraform"
  config = {
    action       = "ALERT"
    log_severity = "CRITICAL"
    params = [
      {
        name  = "param1"
        value = "value1"
      }
    ]
  }
  disabled = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `template` (String) The threat protection rule template used to create this rule.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) The human readable comment for the custom rule.
- `config` (Attributes) The rule config of the template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `disabled` (Boolean) Determines if the custom rule is disabled.

### Read-Only

- `allowed_actions` (List of String) The list of allowed actions of the custom rule.
- `category` (String) The rule category the custom rule assigned to.
- `description` (String) The description of the custom rule.
- `is_factory_reset_enabled` (Boolean) Determines if factory reset is enabled for the custom rule.
- `name` (String) The name of the rule custom rule concatenated with its rule config parameters.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `ruleset` (String) The version of the ruleset the custom rule assigned to.
- `sid` (Number) The Rule ID.
- `type` (String) The type of the custom rule.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `action` (String) The rule action.
- `log_severity` (String) The rule log severity.

Optional:

- `params` (Attributes List) The threat protection rule parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--params))

<a id="nestedatt--config--params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.params`

Required:

- `name` (String) The rule parameter name.
- `value` (String) The rule parameter value.

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The rule parameter description.
- `enum_values` (List of String) The rule parameter enum values.
- `max` (Number) The rule parameter maximum.
- `min` (Number) The rule parameter minimum.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Determines if parameter value is editable at member level.
- `syntax` (String) The rule parameter syntax.
